A

Aardvark - An animal that people only know because it’s the first real thing in the dictionary. I think it looks like a fat anteater.

Abduct - When someone kidnaps you. Mainly just two types of people will abduct you - professional kidnappers and aliens. It’s kind of a lose-lose, unless you’re into getting anally probed and then flying on a spaceship. Actually sounds kind of nice. (Sidenote - Do you think the word “duct tape” comes from the word “abduct?” Duct tape plays a key role in lots of abductions, so it seems not out of the question.)

Abhor - This is a fancy way to say you hate something. If you’re with some friends, you can be like, “I fucking hate doing my taxes.” But if you’re at a fancy dinner party and you’re trying to impress a business CEO or something, you would be like, “I simply abhor our decrepit financial institutions,” and then everyone would head outside to play polo.

Able-bodied - When your body is able to do stuff.

Abominable - When someone is really evil and mean. I’ve only heard this when people say “abominable snowman,” which is another way to say “yeti,” which is a furry white bear-man (?) that lives in the Arctic (?) and terrorizes Santa (?). Anyway, it’s a pretty fun word to say. Kinda like “indubitably” and “anemone.” Abominable. Abominable. Abominable. Ha. Pretty fun.

Absent - When you’re not there.

Absurd - When something is totally ridiculous. If you drive your car down the street, that’s normal. But if your car turns into a ballerina named Helga who slaps your ass, that’s absurd. 

Abuzz - When everyone is talking about the same thing, and they’re kind of going around and whispering it to each other like they’re in the opening number of some dumbass musical. Like, “The queen is coming!” “Who?” “The queen!” “And what’d you say she’s doing?” “Coming!” “Wow, I’m going to go have this exact conversation with someone else now!”

Accomplishment - A thing you finally finish after working on it for like 10 years. Usually it involves accomplishing some big-time goals, or like, completing a masterwork. If I ever finish this fucking dictionary, it will definitely be an accomplishment.

Accredit - It’s like when you hear about an “accredited university” or an “accredited institution.” It either means that it’s really good or really bad. I wanna say that it means really good, but the letter “a” is at the beginning of it, and when you hear about someone who’s asexual, that means that they’re not sexual. So actually maybe this word just means a university where they don’t let you have sex?

Acme - I think this is the company Wile E. Coyote buys his explosives from. No clue why it’s in the dictionary.

Address - Where you live. It’s usually a few numbers followed by a street. Actually, that’s what it is every time.

Admission - This means two things. 1) To get into something using a ticket, like a college or Six Flags or a System of a Down concert. And then 2) When you reveal some big news. Usually it’s bad, like an affair or that you murdered someone. Rarely is anyone like, “I have an admission - it was me who washed your car.”

Adumbrate - I’ve never seen this word in my life. But I weirdly knew a guy named Adam Brate in high school. He was one of those white kids who was a little ~too into Wu Tang Clan, you know what I mean?

Advance - To go further/farther than where you currently are. You can “advance” to the next round in a spelling bee or an army can “advance” down the battlefield. It can also mean “before,” I think. Because you can pay in “advance” or give “advance” warning -- which means you do a thing before you needed to do it. Man, I’ve been looking at the word “advance” so much, it’s starting to not feel like a real word. Does that ever happen to you? You say a word so much, you’re like, “Wait, is that a word?” That happened to me with “finger” once. It was crazy. For like twenty seconds, I lived in a world where “finger” maybe wasn’t a real word.

Aeroplane - Use this word if you want to say “airplane” but also want the person you’re talking to to say, “Why the hell did you just say airplane like that?”

Affection - To give someone lots of love and hugs and kisses. It’s kind of lame, but… I get it.

Afghan hound - Oh, this is that weird skinny dog that looks like someone straightened its hair. No joke, look at this thing.

Who did this?

Agave - Okay, I know it’s pronounced “uh-gah-vay” and not “uh-gave.” It’s either a plant or a fruit. There’s definitely something called “agave nectar.” I wanna say it’s poisonous? Or maybe you rub it on yourself if you’ve been poisoned? Hmmm. Tough one. There was this kid in my 2nd grade class named Liam Donahue who somehow got a poison ivy rash on his face right before class picture day. He was also the kid in our grade who pulled his pants all the way down at the urinal when he would pee. So yeah, I’m glad I wasn’t that kid.

Agnostic - A person who doesn’t believe in God, but doesn’t not believe in God. But like, let’s face it, is a little more certain that God doesn’t exist. Right? Can I safely say that? I mean obviously we don’t know for sure or whatever, but like… come on. We all know God doesn’t exist. Again, I’m not saying God doesn’t exist, but like… God doesn’t exist.

Agriculture - Farming and shit. Super important.

Ailment - When you’re sick. But not “cool” sick. Like “I have gout” sick.

Akimbo - You’re not gonna believe me, but this is when you have your hands on your hips and your elbows are sticking out. No joke. Look it up. It looks like it’d be the word for an obscure African dance or something, but it’s just the hips-and-elbows thing. Crazy.

Alabaster - The real dictionary says this means, “A compact, fine-textured usu. white and translucent gypsum often carved into objects (as vases),” but I was gonna say, “Something a rich person would probably name their shitty kid.” 

Albuterol - I only know this cuz I have asthma, but it’s the stuff that’s in inhalers. I’m not sure what it is exactly. It might be a gas? Or maybe it’s, like… breath?

Alimentary - It’s gotta just be a misspelling of elementary, right?

Alley-Oop - That fucking amazing basketball play where one guy throws the ball to another guy on his team, who catches it in mid-air and slam dunks it. Let’s see if I can find an awesome photo of it so you’ll know what I’m talking about.

Fuck. These are like the first three Google images that come up if you search “alley-oop.” I swear, the play is much cooler than these pics. These fucking suck. Alley-oops.

Alpaca - A llama, but different. (?)

Amaranth - If I knew what this word meant, this would be the space where I would provide its definition.

Amen - A word you say at the end of prayers. Feels like a super OCD thing.

Ammonia - A gas, liquid, or cleaning product that has a really bad smell. I think the fact that it has a bad smell somehow means that it’s really good at cleaning stuff? Honestly, I forget what ammonia is used to clean. Blood stains, maybe? Stuff like that? I’ve already used three question marks in this definition, so I guess I don’t know what ammonia is.

Amok - Right. So, you only hear this when someone says “run amok.” I don’t think you can be “amok” without “running” it. No one flies amok or drives amok. You only run it. And it just means kinda like you run all crazy. Like, you’re running all over the place and destroying stuff. Like, imagine opening a gate and a bunch of goats escape and ruin your yard. The goats would be “running amok.” Damn, I kinda nailed this definition. 

Amplify - To make louder by turning the volume up real loud.

Anachronism - When something is in a time period that it doesn’t belong in. Like, if Abe Lincoln was reading the Gettysburg Address, but he’s at the Staples Center for a Pitbull concert and he takes a hit off his Juul and says “Gucci, bitchezzz!” that’s some grade-A anachronistic shit right there.

Anesthesiologist - A doctor who helps you pass out so you’re not watching your own fucking triple bypass. My down-the-block neighbor Mark Levy was an anesthesiologist. He used to joke that he was a “drug dealer.” My dad used to joke that he was a “gas passer.” Aside from those two jokes, they really didn’t get along.

Angus - It’s a type of beef that I think is better than other types of beef? I’m only guessing that cuz sometimes Wendy’s or whatever will go out of its way to mention that the beef is 100% Angus, and I’m always like, “Okay, cool, I was gonna eat the beef anyway. Its Angus status did not affect my decision.”

Anonymous - When no one knows who you are. So let’s say you’re at a party and someone introduces themself and is like, “Hi, I’m Craig,” and then you shake hands and just say, “That’s fine.” You’re choosing to remain anonymous. 

Ant - One of those tiny-ass black insects that’s harmless but just kind of annoying. They’re kind of like the squirrels of the ant world. Sometimes you see like three thousand of them attacking a crust of pizza and that’s like 80% sucks, 20% is cool.

Anthrax - I don’t actually know what this is. It mainly just reminds me of the months after 9/11, when some buildings had anthrax scares. I feel like it’s sort of like asbestos, but more terrorist-y? If that makes sense?

Anticancer - Is this really a word? Uhhh when you don’t like cancer? Everyone is anticancer. It’s like saying, “I’m antihangnail.” This word doesn’t need to exist. 

Antipasti - Italian appetizers.


Antipasto - Um… one Italian appetizer?

Anybody - Any person that exists. Could be that guy, that lady, could be “any” “body.” But it’s not a specific person, like the Pope. The Pope is “somebody,” not “anybody.” Though I guess the Pope could be “anybody” depending on the situation. If someone is like, “The killer could be anybody,” that technically includes the Pope, cuz they’re basically saying “any person on Earth could be the killer.” I did a bad job with this definition, but I’m gonna move on because I’m only halfway through the A’s and I still have so much shit to define.

Anyhow - This is a fancier way to say “anyway.” I feel like the last time someone said this was like 1961 and even then, their friends were like, “Dude, just say ‘anyway.’”

Aperitif - An expensive alcoholic drink you have before your meal. I think it’s supposed to whet your appetite, but let’s be real - it’s just pre-gaming for rich people.

Aphasia - This is definitely a brain thing. I think it’s the brain thing where you get hit in the head and then you can’t understand words anymore. And I think stroke victims get aphasia because the brain lobe responsible for comprehending language gets damaged when they have their stroke. One time I got a concussion playing soccer and for like twenty minutes, I thought I could taste sounds. A ref blew a whistle at one point and it tasted just like peppermint. I don’t think that’s aphasia, but it was super freaky.

Aphrodisiac - A smell that makes you wanna have sex with someone, like strawberries and shit.

Apiary - Ah shit, this is probably an animal thing but I don’t know which animal it’s for. An “aviary” is for birds… maybe this is for apes? Like a habitat for apes? Let’s go with that. Damn, I just Googled it. It’s a bee thing.

Apocryphal - Hm. Okay. I wanna say this has something to do with the apocalypse. Like, something that makes you go, “Uh oh, I think the apocalypse is gonna happen soon.” That might be way off. Here, let me Google it. Yep, that’s way off. Damn. 

Apostle - I’m pretty sure this is just another word for “disciple.” Jesus had 12 disciples but sometimes people call them “apostles” instead. I don’t know why. I guess it’s just a personal preference thing. I don’t know all 12 apostles but I think 6 or 7 of them are named John and/or Mark.

Appeal - 1) When someone is sexy to someone else. Like you might say that a sexy person has a lot of sex appeal. 2) Appeal is also when you get charged for a crime but you try to reverse that decision. I feel like if I was on a jury and we gave our verdict, and then the defendant tried to appeal that decision, I’d be a little offended. Like, “Dude, I get that you’re super bummed that you just got a life sentence for second-degree murder, but like, do you not trust my judgment?”

Appelation - I don’t know what this is, but it sounds like an obscure Netflix documentary about how America is consuming too many apples.

Appendicitis - Oh man, I’m so afraid of this. This is when your appendix just explodes for no reason. Like, the fuck? This could happen to anyone at any moment. How scary is that? Whenever I feel the slightest amount of pain anywhere in my body, I’m convinced my appendix is about to explode. It sucks. Honestly, this is how I know God doesn’t exist. I’m no expert, but if I were a perfect, decent God, I wouldn’t accidentally give every human a random exploding organ.

Applejack - I mean, I think most people know this as a cereal? It’s called Apple Jacks, and the mascots are a crazy, coked-up apple with teeth and a Rasta cinnamon stick. Whoever was in charge of cereal mascots back in the day was fucking insane. It was always a random animal or food that was fucking OBSESSED with their own cereal. Like, calm down, guys. It’s cereal.
 
Who approved this? Are they ok?


Apprehensive - When you’re nervous about something, but you’re also annoying cuz you say “apprehensive” instead of “nervous.”

Appropriate - When it’s totally cool to do something. Like if you wear a Penguins jersey to a Pittsburgh Penguins game, that’s appropriate. But if you wear a Penguins jersey to a kid’s funeral, that would not be appropriate. Well, unless the kid was attacked to death by a penguin. Wait, no - that would actually be even less appropriate.

Apron - That kitchen dress thing that you tie around your neck and waist to make sure you don’t get stains and food on your clothes. This isn’t really part of the definition, but I once saw this man who lives across the street from me wearing just an apron, and he was completely naked underneath. It was funny.

Arachnid - A type of animal that includes spiders, scorpions, and other spider-like scorpions that freak me the fuck out.

Arbor - I think this word means tree because Arbor Day is when we talk about trees. I’ve never heard anyone use this word unless they’re talking about Arbor Day, which, once again, is a tree thing.

Archery - The sport (?) or art (?) or discipline (?) of using a bow and arrow to shoot an arrow at a, for lack of a better term, dartboard (??). Any logical person would assume this hasn’t been a sport since Robin Hood was alive, but I’ll bet you $15 that there’s some channel called ESPN-14 where they air the National Archery Championships at like 3:45 a.m.

Argon - I think it’s one of the elements, but it sounds like a planet from a shitty sci-fi movie from the 50’s. “The laser beams are coming from Planet Argon. We must fight back with laser beams.” Y’know, that kinda bullshit.

Arid - Arid means dry, but like, I think it mainly just describes tundra, whatever the fuck that is. Like if you have dry skin, you’re not like, “My skin is arid.” If you say that, people shouldn’t be friends with you.
 
Aristocracy - The rich ruling class. People usually hate them. No one’s ever like, “The aristocracy is good!” I feel like they’re usually British? But is that racist of me to think? Can you be racist against British people?

Armchair - A sort of small but thick (?) chair with armrests for your arms. Therapists sit in them a lot, which I guess makes sense. Armchairs look pretty legit. Imagine if your therapist sat in one of those wood chairs that you see at improv shows. You’d probably question his sanity, which would make you doubt him as a therapist.

Which one does a therapist belong in? Pretty obvious if you ask me.

Array - A display of a bunch of stuff. It feels like it’s always vast. Like, “She has a vast array of clay figurines from Hong Kong.” And then you look at the figurines and they all suck.

Arrhythmia - When your heart beats in a weird way. One time I drank too much cold brew concentrate then played Wii Tennis, and I thought my heart was going to explode. I got so worked up about losing, I ran outside for a while until my heart calmed down. I probably should’ve gone to the doctor, but I’m not about to pay 300 bucks for someone to go, “Don’t drink so much cold brew.”

Articulate - When you’re able to say stuff in a way where other people hear it and are like, “Yeah, you said that really good.” Like you’re good at using words to talk about an idea or something. Like you articulate it really well. So in other words, your words are accurate. Yeah, so if you say all the good words to accurately say something, that’s articulate.

Arugula - A kind of lettuce. I’m pretty sure this is the lettuce I don’t like. I’m cool with romaine and iceberg but sometimes I’ll get a random lettuce that’s like, pointier than the other kinds? Does that make sense? Anyway, I think that’s arugula and it sucks shit.

Asinine - One time I saw Jeff Foxworthy do a Redneck Dictionary thing where he said, “I’d give her face a two but her asinine” and I thought that was clever. I don’t really know what the word means but if someone calls you this, I’m pretty sure you suck.

Asphodel - I don’t know what this word means and I don’t feel like guessing. Knowing this word will not benefit you or your life. You don’t need it.

Aspiration - A big dream that you have. Usually you have aspirations when you’re like 6 years old, and you want to be an astronaut or something. It’s pretty rare for an 88-year-old to have aspirations, unless those aspirations are to take lots of medicine on a daily basis.


Ass - Haha.

Asteroid - Space rock that killed the dinosaurs. It’s important not to confuse asteroids with meteors, which I’ve been told are two different things. As far as I know, they’re both space rocks that catch on fire and hit the ground sometimes.

Astonishing - When something is really great. I’d say it’s somewhere between “fantastic” and “magnificent” on the Greatness scale, which is a thing I made up just now. Also, if someone’s walking around being like “This is astonishing!” they’re probably some sort of old-timey British royal or something. I imagine them in like a puffy black hat and a peacoat, walking with a cane and pointing at art like, “Methinks art doth astonishing!”

Astute - This is a smarter way to say “smart.” It’s kinda like you’re smart, but also clever? Like, not only do you know facts, you also know how to apply those facts in a smart way. I’ve never been described as astute, but one time my high school biology teacher Mr. Kitchen said I was “either the dumbest smart person or the smartest dumb person alive.” Isn’t that fucked? I was like fifteen and he said that in front of the whole class. He ended up having an affair with an underage student and going to prison for like 5 years. You could say he was not very “astute.” Ha. Nailed it.

Atom - The smallest part of a thing. Shit, this one’s gonna be hard to explain. Okay, so like, imagine you have a piece of wood. That wood isn’t just a piece of wood. It’s made up of, like, a trillion tiny pieces of wood, sort of. And those tiny pieces of wood are made up of tiny things called atoms. Atoms are so small that you can’t really see them with the naked eye. But I vaguely remember from science class that they look kind of like Dippin’ Dots? Remember Dippin’ Dots? Ice cream of the future? (I always liked, but never loved, Dippin’ Dots.) Anyway, I’m not trying to imply that wood is made up of Dippin’ Dots. Trust me, Dippin’ Dots are not the tiniest particles that everything is made of. Cuz Dippin’ Dots have their own tiny particles. So I guess you could say that Dippin’ Dots are made up of even tinier Dippin’ Dots. And wood is made up of those Dippin’ Dots, symbolically speaking at least. Okay, I don’t think that clarified anything. Here, I’ll show a picture and that should help.

A cup of atoms.
Damn. That didn’t help.


Atrophy - I’m gonna be honest, I’ve never really understood this word. I think it’s when, like, something goes wrong with your body? Like it withers and starts to get bad? Also, this word kinda looks like “a trophy” to me, which is way better than atrophy. I don’t want my body to atrophy but I’d sure love a trophy.

Attic - The room in the house that’s way up top, right below the roof. Part of what makes it an attic is that it’s creepy. So if your attic has a bed and a dresser and a couple lamps and a desk, it’s no longer an attic. It’s a bedroom. If your attic has an old trunk in front of a large cracked mirror next to a cobweb-covered rocking horse that sits behind some dust mites giving birth to more dust mites, and you can’t take a step without the floorboards whispering “Get out now!” - that’s an attic.

Auction - A weird event where a bunch of people sit in chairs, and like a judge (??) speaks really fast and says that something’s for sale and anyone can bid on it, and whoever’s the highest bidder wins that thing. So technically, you could win a year’s supply of Worcestershire sauce for 4 dollars… if no one bids on that.  But because that’s a sweet-ass prize, I wouldn’t be shocked if it ends up going for 5, maybe 6 thousand dollars. Are auctions still a thing?

Audiophile - Someone who loves sound (?). Who doesn’t? I mean, if you smack “phile” at the end of a word, it means someone loves something. Think “cinephile” or “pedophile.” Wait, don’t think “pedophile.” Fuck, sorry.

Auf wiedersehen - This is German for “goodbye.” I only know that cuz my parents’ neighbors Mike and Donna had a German exchange student once named Stephanie. One time she got locked out of their house, and had to stay at our house until Mike and Donna got back from work. I think they both work in “finance” -- whatever that fucking means. We make fun of Donna sometimes because she’s constantly mowing the lawn. She’ll mow the lawn like four times a week, and we’re like, “Donna, cool it. Grass doesn’t grow that fast.”

Autism - Damn, this one’s… I don’t really know how to define it. It’s like a condition. Yeah, like a permanent condition where you’re not great at socializing because you’re, like, super good at math-type stuff? I know they’ll say someone’s “on the spectrum” to talk about how autismy that person is, but these days I feel like everyone’s told they’re at least a little on the spectrum. So I dunno, maybe if we’re all on the spectrum… none of us have autism?

Awesome - When something is great, but better. I think this started as a fancy word to describe something that fills you will awe, then was picked up by surfer bros in the 80’s to describe like bongs and shit, and now everyone uses it to describe everything. It’s like the “um” of saying something is good.

Awestruck - When something is so awesome it’s like, surprising. Like it “struck” you in the face with how awesome it is. Here’s a sentence: “When I saw the ocean for the first time, I was awestruck (cuz the ocean is so awesome it’s like, surprising. Like it struck me in the face with how awesome it is).”

Awry - When something doesn’t go according to plan. For example, let’s say you’ve been asked to prepare the Thanksgiving turkey this year. So you head to the grocery but they’re out of turkeys because demand is high and you waited too long to buy one. You have no other choice but to find and kill a turkey yourself. So you head to a gun expo to buy the proper turkey-hunting weapon. The next day, you wake up really early and head to a creek two counties over (another hunter at the gun expo recommended it; his name is Gunther, which you find funny, but you don’t mention that because he doesn’t look like someone who can take a joke). Flash-forward: You have a turkey in your sights. You’re about to pull the trigger when BAM! A spaceship lands on the turkey’s head. Three heavyset aliens run out of the craft and abduct you. They take you to their home planet, Tlorf (named after their first Holy Overlord, Tlorf the Great), where you’re forced to do manual labor for the rest of your turkeyless life. Anyway, yeah, that’s an example of something going “awry.”

Axis - Fuck, this one’s gonna be hard. Okay, it’s basically these different lines that measure stuff. One of them is the X axis, and that goes left to right. The other is the Y axis, and that goes down to up. And then there’s the Z axis, which goes, like, out at you? I dunno man, I learned about axises (axes?) in high school or something, and I can safely assure you - axises will not come up in everyday life. And if they do, you should change your life to make it better.

Azure - I’m like 95% sure this means “blue.” But that other 5% wants to say this has something to do with the desert? Not sure why. No wait, I Googled it. It’s the blue thing.


B

Backgammon - A board game with black and white pieces you move around for certain reasons. I’ve never met anyone who knows how to play backgammon. I wouldn’t be surprised if there’s only one guy left on Earth who knows how to play it and he’s a 94-year-old widower named Bernard.

Bacon - Those thin strips of cooked pig meat. They’re chewy or crunchy or sometimes both. And if you make some bacon in your apartment, your apartment will smell like bacon until the end of the following year. Oh, also Kevin Bacon’s a bacon thing. It’s so weird that there’s a famous actor named Kevin Bacon. That’d be like if there were actors named Mark Sausage or Steve Pork or Jon Ham.

Ballet - Fancy dancing that people pretend to enjoy because it makes them seem sophisticated. It’s the opera of dancing, if that makes sense.

Bandwagon - Something you jump on to fit in. It’s not a real thing, though. It’s a figurative thing that you jump on because everyone else is jumping on it. Like if someone’s like, “It’s cool to eat grass then kill your dad!” and everyone starts eating grass and killing their dads, they’ve jumped on the “bandwagon.” 

Bang - The sound a gun makes. Also it’s when two people fuck.

Bangs - That haircut where your hair sort of like encroaches (?) onto your forehead. A lot of people do it to hide their forehead. Other people do it cuz then their friends can be like, “Oh my god, you got bangs, I love it!”

This guy has bangs. He seems pretty sad. Probably cuz of the bangs.

Banjo - A stringed instrument used exclusively by rednecks and Steve Martin.

Baobab - Don’t ask me how I know this, but this is a kind of tree. It’s the tree you see in pictures of Africa sometimes and it looks kinda fucked up, almost like someone drew a normal tree from memory. Here, I’ll put a picture.

Look at this Dr. Seuss-ass tree.

Bar - Easy. This is a test lawyers take to become a lawyer and it’s also a place where you can buy alcoholic drinks and also it’s a metal rod that people sometimes run into and also it’s a word that means “to block,” as in “I barred Yolanda from going near the metal bar after leaving the bar after passing the bar.”

Bar Mitzvah - Super pumped that I know this. It’s when a Jewish boy becomes a Jewish man. There’s a big ceremony where they take out the Torah and you, the boy-man, read some of it to a room full of family and friends and other old Jews, and then that night you have a party that’s like the 7th grade equivalent of a rave - plastic inflatable guitars, paper confetti (cuz it’s easier to clean up than regular confetti, which is kind of a Jewisht thing, by the way I’m a Jew so I can say that), getting hoisted up on the chair while Hava Nagila plays, Bar Mitzvah dancers who are actually super cool people, and almost getting enough courage to talk to Sammy Sundlof, the girl you have a crush on. I wish I had talked to her. I can’t believe that still hangs over my head. I gotta get over that shit.

Basketball - I can’t imagine anyone ever having to look up the word “basketball” in the dictionary. Everyone already knows what it means. So I’m gonna take this time to get something off my chest. My junior year at Weber State, I merged into a lane without looking and scraped against a school bus. Instead of stopping and talking to the driver, I had a panic attack and drove away as fast as I could. I sped through a yellow light and quickly turned left. I hid in a nearby parking garage. When I got out of my car, I noticed a tiny shard of glass on the roof, from what I assume was the bus’ rearview mirror shattering when I hit it. I put the glass shard in my backseat and ripped the magnetized “Weber State” bumper sticker off the back of my car. I’m not sure why I did that. I think I was worried that it’d make my car more recognizable if someone was out looking for it. I felt so guilty about what I had done, I called my friend Garth and asked if he’d drive me to the police station so I could file a report. I figured telling the truth would be better than being found out by someone else. A hit-and-run can lead to jail time, and I was prepared to deal with the consequences, which I thought might be lessened if I came forward. I filed the report, and made it as specific as possible. It’s been over ten years, and the police have never approached me. I’m assuming the statute of limitations has passed. I got away with something terrible, and I feel awful about it. Really, really awful. I wish I could apologize to the bus driver and tell them how sorry I am. It’s despicable. That’s not who I am and I hate myself for not being able to stop, take a second to breathe, and be an adult about it. I don’t really believe in God, but I believe in some sort of general force or feeling in the universe and I hope whatever that feeling is… well, I hope it can forgive me. Because after all this time, I still haven’t forgiven myself. Anyway, basketball is orange ball that go in hoop for fun.

Bassoon - This is a musical instrument. It’s a super long wooden tube with a little metal part that sticks out so you can suck and blow on it to make noise. It’s definitely one of the weirder instruments. You really have to go out of your way to be a bassoon person. No one’s going through life like, “My dream is to play bassoon!” but somehow, there’s always exactly one weirdo in an orchestra who’s fucking rocking it and you’re like… how did they get to this point?

Bawdy - I’m not entirely sure what bawdy is, but it sounds like gaudy, which is when someone is super tacky and wears big diamonds and fur. So let’s go with that. Bawdy is when you’re super tacky and where big diamonds and fur.

Bayonet - This is a knife that went on the end of a rifle back in the day and old-timey people would stab each other with them. Can you imagine a gun with a knife on the end of it nowadays? That’d be insane. Like, imagine a glock with a knife on it. Your glock runs out of bullets so you just start stabbing someone with the glock? I really wish people would stop hurting each other. 

Bayou - A swampy, wet patch of land where people eat rat for dinner and play the banjo. Everyone there is stupid and bad at English. That might sound harsh, but it’s 100% true.

Beachhead - Okay so I don’t really know, but in the sixth grade my friend John got this word in the spelling bee and it was hilarious. He kept being like, “Can you repeat the word?” because he couldn’t believe it was real. No one could. Even parents were like, “The fuck is that?” Up until then, kids were getting words like “cherry” and “multiply.” Then out of nowhere: BEACHHEAD. I mean, it’s easy to spell. Just spell “beach,” then “head.” But like, maybe it’s a fucked up word that’s spelled like B-E-E-C-H-H-E-D-D. Who knows? Anyway, after like two minutes of double-guessing himself, John spelled it right and everyone cheered. We were all in it together.

Beaver - That weird small brown rodent animal with the fur and the teeth. They build dams. I wanna say they eat wood? Other than that, the only thing a beaver is is a hairy pussy.

Bedfellow - A fellow who’s in bed? I don’t know. It sounds like how a college student in 1925 would talk about who they fucked last night.

Beer - That cold brownish drink that gets you hammered if you keep on drinking it. They sell it at ballgames and have it at parties. Wait, why the fuck am I still explaining what beer is?

Behold - A thing you shout when you want someone to look at something. If I wanted you to look at a potato, I might go, “Behold! A potato!” And then you’d look at the potato and get annoyed that I just did that.

Belfry - You know when there’s a skinny tower with a bell way up near the top of it? That top area is the belfry. It seems like being the bell-ringer would have been a great job hundreds of years ago, but then you remember you probably had to get up super-early, and you probably couldn’t get very drunk the night before, cuz that job would just fucking SUCK if you’re hungover.

Bellow - It’s like, when you make your voice low and deep but you’re still loud? Or something? I’m not really sure when you’d need to bellow. Maybe if you wanted to talk to a bear?

Belt - The leather strap you slip through the belt loops of your pants. You yank it tight and it holds up your pants. I hate that I just wrote “You yank it tight.”

Berber - This is that rough carpet that fucking hurts when you fall on it. I remember playing tag as a kid at my grandparents’ house and they had Berber in the living room. I fell down and got like second degree burns on my knees. It fucking sucked. 

Beseech - I’m a little embarrassed that I don’t know what this word means, but it’s also one of those weird-ass 17th-century-only words. It’s only ever used in the sentence, “I beseech you, my Lord!” That’s literally the only time it’s ever used.

Biathlon - This is a fucking Olympic event that combines cross country skiing and shooting a fucking rifle. No fucking clue how this game got approved. Neither of those things has anything to do with the other. Plus, where do you train for this event? Have you ever seen a town that has a skiing facility with guns? Even just the idea of a gun in the snow does not make sense to me. Guns and snow are so different. I guess that skis kind of look like two rifles? Kind of? That’s the only thing even close to a connection that I’m seeing. If I went up to the Olympic Committee and was like, “I have an idea for an event - you swim for an hour, then you get out of the pool and chop down a tree with an ax,” I feel like they’d kick me out of wherever the hell the Olympic Committee meets.

Bid - The amount of money you say something is, usually on The Price is Right. I always thought it was such a dick move when the contestants would be bidding on like, a washer dryer, and one contestant goes, “675,” and the next one goes, “850,” and the next guy goes, “1,220” and then the last guy goes, “One dollar.” And then it turns out it’s like $674. What a dick move! That being said, if I was ever on The P is R, I’d do that in a heartbeat.

Bigamy - I think this is when you’re married to two people. “Monogamy” is when you’re married to one person and “polygamy” is when you’re married to several. So I guess if you have two spouses, it’d be “bigamy.” Seems weird to stop at two, but do your thing. I’m not trying to yuck anyone’s yum.

Bimonthly - Okay, so this either means “twice a month” or “every other month.” I’m not sure which. Let me just look it up really fast... Wait. This says it can mean both of those things? That can’t be right. Hold on, let me read this again... No, yeah, it says it can mean both. So if I’m like, “Hey everyone! Come to my bimonthly potluck!” no one would have any fucking clue how often I’m having a potluck. That’s fucked.

Binary - I think this just means something has two options? Good vs. evil, light vs. dark, etc. Some people say gender is “binary” because there’s male and female but others say it’s “nonbinary” and they don’t adhere to the two-gender system. I’m honestly in WAY over my head when it comes to discussing this, so I’m gonna change the subject. Binary is also when there are a bunch of 0’s and 1’s on a computer. Someone’s all “I gotta hack into the mainframe!” so they click some stuff and the computer’s like “0001001011110101010” and you’re like “Wow, they’re so good at computers.”

Bindle - I don’t know how I know this, but a bindle is that thing hobos carry over their shoulder. It’s like a little ball of stuff wrapped in a table cloth and tied to the end of a long stick. That’s a pretty bad description but you totally know what I’m talking about. Here, I’ll include a picture. 

Yeah, this thing. A bindle is the hobo stick thing.

Biotechnology - I think it’s basically when scientists use technology to fuck with biology. Cloning sheep feels super-biotechnology-y. Are they still talking about cloning sheep? Why sheep? Has anyone ever wanted more sheep than our current total? Do we have a worldwide blanket shortage or something? Maybe it’s just me, but I feel like if anything, we should be figuring out how to eliminate sheep.

Birth - When you emerge from the vagina into the world. You’re usually wet and crying, and you’re the smallest you will ever be. That, and death, are basically the two biggest moments of your life. I know some people say that their biggest moment was when they got marrie or when they quit piano or something, but let’s face it - it was when you were born. Man, I’m so happy I never have to give birth. Seems like it’d suck. Btw, have you ever watched a video of like a baby giraffe being born. It’s insane. They pretty much start walking, like, right away. Can you imagine if a human baby did that? Like you get pushed out, and then you just walk over to the sink to rinse off?

Bismuth - It’s either one of the elements or a type of snake. Let’s go with the snake one. Yeah, snake feels right.

Bivouac - Nope.

Blanch - Hmmm. Weird. Feels like something I should know. I feel like it’s either something you do to a turkey or one of the characters from The Golden Girls. I swear I’ve heard someone say something like, “Kathryn, can you blanch the turkey while I run to the store?”

Blend - When you mix different things together. The ultimate example of this is a blender, where you just put a bunch of shit in a blender and hit “blend.” Then it blends everything up, and now you’re drinking one uniform drink that’s usually pretty good. Fuck, I kind of want some Jamba Juice now.

Blood - The red liquid that courses through your veins and keeps you alive. There are different blood types, too. There’s Type A, Type B, Type AB, and Type O. Not sure why they jump straight to O after the whole AB thing. I forget which one I am. I’m either Type A, Type AB, or Type O. I’m definitely not a B. Or wait, maybe I’m either B, AB, or O. I forget. Well, it doesn’t matter. I don’t think I’m gonna donate blood anytime soon. My buddy Brad Flynn was once on that show “Blind Date” (hosted by Roger Lodge) back in like 2003, and for some reason, his date took place at a blood bank. I think the show had just hired a new producer who chose a blood bank as a spot for the date, and that producer got fired like immediately after that. Seems kinda unfair. Brad said it went well and that he fingered his date at the end of the night and they went out on two more dates.

Bloom - When a flower, like, becomes a flower. Also, I doubt this will help you, but there was this one-armed kid I grew up with named Seth Bloom who was actually really good at soccer. 

Bob - This is hairstyle for women when their hair is kinda short and comes down on both sides. Bob is also a man’s name, but I don’t think that’s why it’s in the dictionary. Sorry if this sounds harsh, but if I had to define every possible boy name, I’d fucking kill myself. Anyway, my cousin named her son Bob a couple years ago, which felt weird. Imagine a baby named Bob. Right? That’s like naming a baby Herbert or Desmond. Oh, bob has one other meaning: you can “bob” your head, which means you bob it up and down.

Bobby - A type of pin. Hair, not bowling. Also the name of a kid I grew up with whose last name was McCormick and used to spit indoors.

Bobby Pin - I just said it’s a type of pin.

Bobolink - If you can find me one person who knows what this word means, I’ll give you one thousand dollars.

Bodacious - The main word that 90s surfer dudes use to describe kickass waves. (Also see “Righteous”) I kind of wanna take surfing lessons. No I don’t.

Boldface - I think it’s the full name for “bold.” Like when you highlight text and make it bold. So this thing I’m doing now is boldface. Boldface is to Bold as Gregory is to Greg. Hey, nice! I think that’s a perfect analogy!

Bombshell - It’s when there’s a really huge news story that shocks everyone. But wait, doesn’t it also mean, like, a really hot blonde woman? See, this is why language is so fucked up to me. Like, on the one hand, a bombshell might be talking about a secret nuclear weapons deal that’s been existing between China and Russia for years, but it also might just be referring to Kate Upton?

Bondage - It’s that sex stuff where you use cuffs and leather and whips and stuff to tie up your partner cuz I guess they get off on that? I don’t know, man. I’ve always thought it just feels like a whole ordeal. When I cum, I don’t want to untangle ropes and put them back in the closet. I wanna lay there and watch trampoline fails on YouTube.

Boo - This is the sound a ghost makes or the sound people make when they hate a person or sports team. So it’s either like, “Holy shit, was that a ghost?!” or “Holy shit, they fucking hate the Detriot Lions.”

Book - A bunch of pages with words and sentences glued(?) together that’s all part of the same book. This thing you’re holding and reading is a book.

Boot - It’s like a regular shoe but bigger and, like, tougher? You usually wear a boot if it’s snowing or if you’re going hiking or if you’re a cowboy. Come to think of it, why do cowboys wear boots? Actually, never mind. I just started picturing a cowboy wearing New Balances and yeah, it makes more sense that cowboys wear boots.

Borax - I forget what Borax is, but it definitely reminds me of Borat.

“My wife.” --Borat

Borscht - It’s that Ukranian soup made with beets. I don’t think anyone really likes it, but I guess some people probably like it. It’s really fun to say. “Borscht.” “Borscht.” Oh, there’s also something called the “Borscht Belt,” which I think was maybe like a bunch of Jewish people living on, like, a belt of land??

Boulevard - A street, but more boulevardy. Like maybe there’s more streetlights?
And it’s nighttime?

Bourbon - A type of whiskey, I think. I’m not really sure what the difference is between bourbon, whiskey, and scotch. And rye. The main thing to know is that if you drink a lot of bourbon, you will get mega-drunk.

Boyfriend - The guy you’re dating. I always thought it was weird that not only do kids say “boyfriend” and “girlfriend” but adults do too. Like you could technically be an 88 year-old woman who’s dating an 88-year-old man and you’d be like, “Gather ‘round, kids and grandkids. This my boyfriend, Herman.” And then Herman goes ahead and has his third stroke.

Boysenberry - So this is a berry, but I’m not convinced it actually exists. Every so often, you’ll hear about a “boysenberry” pie or something, and it’s like… is that real? I’ve never seen a boysenberry, have you? I’ve seen blueberries and raspberries, but no one’s rolling up with a handful of boysenberries. It feels like a fictional food to me, like something Harry Potter would eat. Like, “Harry enjoyed a sweet boysenberry tart and glass of whimsyjuice after his flying broom game.” I’ve never read Harry Potter, but that all seems about right.

Bran - Pretty boring cereal. It’s just like, base-level cereal cut up into shards. I love Raisin Bran but regular no-raisin bran is eaten exclusively by men in nursing homes named Henry who are literally minutes away from death.

Branch - The wooden things that stick out of trees. They can be big or small. Any size, really. I mean, depending on the size of the tree. A giant tree isn’t gonna have tiny branches, you know? Some people use small branches to roast marshmallows to make s’mores. Or maybe those are twigs? A twig is like a baby branch, so definitely still in the branch family. There are also branches of government: executive (the President), legislative (Congress) and judicial (Supreme Court).

Brandish - To hold a sword. You can probably “brandish” other items, but the only thing that comes to mind is a knight holding a sword. 

Brawl - A big fight, usually involving a lot of people. It doesn’t seem as bad as a fight because you’re usually watching it from far away, so it’s just kind of a sea of men swinging their arms and kicking up dirt. It almost feels like everyone’s on the same side - the side of making the brawl look cool from far away.

Brazil nut - Oh man, these things are enormous. Sometimes you’ll be eating trail mix and BOOM, here comes a Brazil nut and it’s like 6 times bigger than the other nuts. It’s like the full meal of nuts.

Bread - ………..bread.

Breathtaking - Oh nice, this one is easy. It’s when you see something so amazing that it takes your breath away. Like, you’re in awe of the thing. For example, if you saw a rabbit playing a trumpet or if the Eiffel Tower shot a bunch of confetti out of the top. You’d look at that stuff and be like ‘Wow! Holy shit!’ I’ve seen some breathtaking stuff in my life but the example that comes to mind is the time my friend Casey Brown’s dad walked by him in the kitchen, lifted a leg up in the air and farted right in Casey’s face. They both cracked up about it, and I couldn’t believe that was allowed. Casey married an emo girl and they were on House Hunters once.

Breccia - Who fucking knows. It’s probably a bone in your ear or a rare type of bread. Who gives a shit.

Brethren - Fancy word for “brothers.” If I had to guess, the last time someone used this word was 1876. Let’s take it out of the dictionary.

Bridge - One of those massive things where like a 500-yard street goes over a body of water. I have absolutely zero fucking clue how they build those things. Wouldn’t you need the construction guys to, like, go underwater carrying cinder blocks or something, and then tether them to the bottom of the water? And then when they’re building the bridge part of the bridge, I guess how do you do that without dying? I was about to YouTube “How are bridges built” but I ended up just watching some trampoline fails, and that was much better.

Brochure - One of those tri-folded shiny paper things that you see stacks of at the bank. Then you open it up and it just talks about interest benefits and mortgage loan percentages and it’s all like, “3.9% after 6 months of processing and financing” or something and it feels like it was only put on this earth to make you feel like a dumbass.

Brontosaurus - That dinosaur with the long-ass neck and the long-ass body and the long-ass tail. Seriously, they’re like, the length of a football field. I don’t remember what their secret power is or whatever, but they’re cool.

Brontosauruses are like the horizontal giraffes of the dinosaur kingdom.

Brown rice - Rice that somehow found a way to be more plain than white rice.

Bucket - A big round bucket that you fill up with stuff. You can fill up a bucket with anything. Pennies. Dirt. Water. Candy. Wet Cement. Birdseed. It doesn’t really matter, but if you have a bucket of something, you usually have a lot of it and hopefully you’re gonna dump it on someone.

Buffet - When a restaurant or hotel has like 30 different food options. It’s the best. It’s like you hit the food jackpot. Tons of food. And you can keep going back. Oh, you know what place has really good buffets? Casinos. Casinos has really good buffets. My former co-worker at Sherwin-Williams got in trouble with her husband once cuz she was going to the casino every day, but she told him it was cuz she really liked the buffet, she never actually gambled. She did gain like 75 pounds in three months, I remember. Her name was Brooke Rindom if you wanna look her up.

Bumpkin - This is when you get a blow job while you’re taking a dump. I’m surprised they included this in the dictionary. Oh wait, that’s a blumpkin. A bumpkin is like a country bumpkin, which is a dumb person from the country.

Burglary - When someone (or a couple of dudes) break into your home and steal some stuff. If it happens to you, hopefully you’re not home for it. My friend Jacob Cohen sleeps naked, and once a burglar broke into his house while he was sleeping. He woke up and ran to the front door right as the burglar was leaving with his Bose bluetooth speaker and some silverware, but the burglar saw Jacob fully naked and threw a spoon at his penis right before he closed the door.

Burly - This is kinda like “husky.” It’s when someone, usually a dude, is a little overweight and maybe kind of beardy, too. Like, imagine everyone on Duck Dynasty. They’re textbook burly. That show might as well be called “Burly Men.”


But - Not the ass kind, the other kind. It’s like when you say something, but SEE THIS IS ME USING IT! Okay, I’m not sure if that made sense. It’s like when you say something, but then you suddenly say something that contradicts that thing. Like, you’re kind of walking back the statement that you’re currently saying. God, this is hard. I mean, you shouldn’t need me to have to define “but” for you, but I guess I have to. Oh wait, see?? There was another “but” example. I didn’t even mean to do that. Okay, let me think of an example that has nothing to do with defining this word. Like you might say, “Phillip is 55 years old, but he has never talked to another person.” By saying that Phillip is 55, you’re setting up the expectation that Phillip has met people. But then you say “but,” and that means you’re about to say something that, yeah, like, contradicts the first half of the sentence. You need the word “but” there because otherwise, you’d be saying, “Phillip is 55 years old. He has never talked to another person.” And see how that almost makes it seem normal to be 55 and never have talked to someone? Here’s another example: A dictionary contains the definition of every word, but it fucking sucks to write out those definitions.

Buttercup - Huh, I never thought about what this means beyond being a cute little dumb little nickname for dumbass lovebirds. I guess it’s… a cup of butter? I can sort of see that making sense. Butter is soft and melty… like a heart. And it comes in hard stick form… like a throbbing cock. Although I can’t imagine that the band that played that song “Build Me Up Buttercup” was singing about a hardened cock. Especially cuz they’re singing that song to a woman, and it’d be weird to call a woman a large solid cock. Anyway, that song sucks.

Buzzer - One of those electric things that goes, “EYHHHHHHNN!!” Or maybe it’s more of an “AAAANNNNNK!!” Usually you hear it when you’ve either run out of time or you guessed an answer and got it wrong. Buzzers kind of got a bit of a ‘tude if I’m being honest. It’s like, okay dude, I’m sorry I thought L.A. was the capital of California, you can at least sound a little less pissed.

BYOB - This stands for “bring your own beer.” Throwing a party and saying it’s “BYOB” Is kinda code for “I’m a cheapskate.” I mean, if you’re gonna throw a party, at least provide your guests with something to drink. Don’t invite me to a party then make me go do a chore. “I’m having a party, but you have to make it fun yourself.” That’s what it’s like.

Bypass - A surgery you get when your heart’s, like, super messed up. I hope I never have to get one. It sounds terrifying as shit. Plus, there’s like double bypass, triple bypass, quadruple bypass. There might even be quintuple bypass. I’d Google it but I have to keep writing word definitions.

C

Cable - The USB cord thing you use to charge your iPhone. That counts as a cable, right? That seems like the main cable these days. I was about to also define cable as in “cable TV,” but by the time this goddamn fucking dictionary is fucking finished, cable TV will have been non-existent for 200 fucking goddamn years. (Okay fine, I guess if you’re a historian reading this in the future, cable TV was when you had a bunch of cable channels, most of which showed “Weekend at Bernie’s” or competitions where a bunch of mega-buff dudes try to throw a tire over a wall.)

Caboose - The back car of a train. Also, it’s a way to say butt that’s used exclusively by people I don’t know and don’t want to know.

Cahoot - Oh weird, I thought it was “cahoots” with an S. Well anyway, I think it means the same thing. It’s like when two people are scheming together and hatching plans and shit. It’s definitely shady. This kid named Harris Holt who played cornet in jazz band in junior high used to say that gas companies and stoplight companies are in cahoots, which is why there are so many red lights. That sounds like bullshit, but he also predicted September 11th three years before it happened. So...

Cakewalk - If something’s a cakewalk, it’s super easy. Like, if I had to beat a baby at Scrabble, it’d be a total cakewalk. I’d crush the baby. It doesn’t know words and Scrabble is all about knowing words and being able to spell them. I’m not sure why it’s called a “cake” walk, though. Maybe because cake is great and it’s also great when things are easy? That’s probably not why but you don’t know either.

Calisthenics - I think this is when you exercise, but don’t use much equipment. So like, running and push-ups. I can’t do more than ten push-ups at a time. My muscles give out. I’m pretty insecure about it - I have been my whole life - but I can never find the motivation to make things better. I had a gym membership for a few months last year. I would show up and run on the treadmill, but was too afraid to use any of the other machines because I felt like the strong people at the gym would make fun of me. I truly don’t understand how people are so in shape. Is the gym their fucking job?

Calk - This is that industrial glue stuff you use in random cracks around your house, but it’s also famously known as the word that sounds like “cock.”

Calzone - Fancy Hot Pocket, basically.

Camp - This is when parents send their kids to an outdoorsy place for a week and the kids have to play games, sleep in little cabins and interact with other children. The kids do activities like hiking, swimming, arts & crafts, building fires, and tetherball. Sometimes they sneak off to make out with each other. Soldiers also stay at a camp, but instead of arts and crafts and kissing, they die for their country.

Campaign - This is what politicians do to get more votes. They visit cities around the country, shake hands, and make appearances on TV. But I think the word “campaign” can apply to anything that moves and has a purpose. There are military campaigns, when the military goes in a certain direction because it’ll make them win, and there are also advertising campaigns, when a company really pushes a product. Like if Lysol had an advertising campaign, they might make a bunch of commercials that say, “Lysol is a good product.” That’s a bad example.

Campanile - I could Google the meaning of this word - a word I have never seen in my life - but that feels wrong. I should do my best to define it myself. So I’m going to make an educated guess based on my years of experience on this planet and say this is… a pasta.

Campanology - All signs point to this meaning “the study of camp,” but that can’t be right. What would that even mean? How do you study camp? Do you roll up to a summer camp and like, take samples? So, yeah, full disclosure, I have no clue what this word means, but I’d bet money it DOESN’T mean “the study of camps.” That’s not a thing.

Camper - (1) A kid who stays at camp. (2) A big vehicle that families take to go camping. It’s also known as an “RV,” which stands for Road... Vehicle? It has a bathroom inside, and a kitchen, and a little table. I’ve only ever seen these in movies where the dad is like, “I can’t wait to take my family camping in the camper, just like my dad did with me!” and his kids are like, “Fuck you, dad. Camping sucks,” and the wife is like, “Kids, be nice to your father. This means a lot to him,” but then she gets a mosquito bite and is like, “You know what? They’re right, Terry. This fucking sucks.”

Candelabra - This is a candle-holding device (?) with a bunch of arms. It’s kind of like a menorah, but instead of being in a single-file line, the candles are all over the place, sorta like octopus arms. The only candelabra I can think of is that creepy French one from “Beauty and the Beast.” I think he ends up boning the feather duster.

Cane - That wooden stick with the curved end for walking that’s used by old people, people who got shot in war, and Waldo.

Waldo walks with a cane, so presumably he was shot in Vietnam?

Canker - Like a canker sore. It’s a little welt(?) in your mouth that hurts. They fucking suck. The worst feeling is when you accidentally bite down on a canker sore, because (1) fucking ouch, but also (2) you’re like, fuck me, now this canker sore is gonna be around for even longer. 


Cannon - A metal machine (?) that shoots heavy metal balls. Soldiers used them in old-timey wars before advanced stuff like tanks and drones were invented. They’d spend hours wheeling this giant fucking thing up a hillside, shoot a few cannonballs, then lug it back down. Did they even kill anyone? I feel like it’d be so easy to be like, “Hey watch out, they shot another cannonball,” then just step to the side. There were also cannons on pirate ships, which seems way better. You can probably fuck up another ship with cannonballs. But if you got hit in the middle of a field, you’re a giant dumbass. 

Canonize - To make someone a saint after they die. It’s usually a super religious guy from the 1400s who whipped himself for Jesus, so the Catholic church is like, “We should honor him for being so fucked up.”

Cantankerous - I mean, if I had to compare this word to some other words, I guess I’d say bad-mannered, barbaric, bearish, churlish, cloddish, coarse, crabby, difficult, gross, gruff, ill-bred, ill-mannered, impolite, loud, loutish, lowbred, oafish, ornery, out-of-line, out-of-order, provincial, rough, rude, rustic, swinish, tasteless, ugly, uncivilized, uncouth, uncultured, ungracious and vulgar. But those are just off the top of my head.

Canteen - A round water bottle you drink from when you’re camping or fighting in the war. They’re kinda like flasks, but way rounder and full of water and usually dark greenish. Canteen can also mean a small shop where you buy necessities. My summer camp had a canteen. My parents gave me 20 bucks for camp, and I spent it all at the canteen on those suckers that taste like caramel apples. Those things slapped. Here, I’ll put a picture. 
Remember these things? I fucking loved these things.

Canticle - I don’t know what this word means. Not even a little bit.

Canticle of Canticles - Oh, come on! Is this a joke? What’s the next word gonna be? “Canticle’s Canticle of the Canticular Canticlocity”?

Cantle - I made a helpful graph for this word. See below.


Capacity - The biggest amount something can hold. Sometimes an elevator will say, it’ll be like, “ELEVATOR CAPACITY: 12 PERSONS OR 2,000 POUNDS.” First of all, why is it always “PERSONS” and not “PEOPLE” when it comes to elevator and hot tub capacity signs? What’s the difference between a persons and a people? Second, I once was in a really crowded elevator, and this woman was really nervous that it was too heavy, so she demanded that everybody tell her how much they weigh so she could make sure it didn’t add up over the limit. Another lady just pushed her off the elevator and closed the doors. It was sad, but I’m glad someone did it.

Caramel - Sticky stuff in the middle of candy bars that tastes like… caramel? Sometimes people put it on ice cream. Or apples. Also flan.

Carboy - No clue. Sounds like the world’s shittiest superhero. 

Cardboard - The stuff boxes are made of. Like the boxes you get in the mail. It’s basically paper, but thicker and browner. People breakdance on it. I don’t have much else to say about cardboard.

Caricature - A drawing of a person that really highlights their features. If you have big ears, the artist will give you REALLY big ears. If you have small eyes, the artist will make them REALLY small. When I was six, my parents got my caricature done at the state fair for like 20 bucks. I cried at home later that night cuz the guy gave me a pig nose.

Carjack - This is a portmanteau of “car” and “hijack,” and refers to someone forcibly stealing an automobile. Holy shit, I can’t believe I just used the word “portmanteau.” 

Carport - I feel like someone’s playing a joke on me and wants me to think carport is a real word and that its definition is “like an airport, but for cars.” But that isn’t anything. But then again, maybe it is a real word. Hmmmm. Okay, just to be safe, let’s say… like an airport, but for cars.

Catastrophe - A really bad situation. Like, REALLY bad. Like if your parents went away for the weekend, and you had a big party at your house, and your friends got super drunk and messed up everything, and one of them broke your mom’s favorite vase and your buddy Trevor pissed on a houseplant. You’d wake up the next morning and be like, “Holy shit. This is a catastrophe.” Also, there are global catastrophes, which is basically war or global warming, like “the world is gonna end soon” kinda shit. Poverty, famine, etc.

Catchup - This is a wrong way to say “ketchup.” Not sure why it’s included in the dictionary. If I had to define every wrong way to say a word, I’d never finish this stupid thing. It’d be like, “OK, I’ve defined mustard, now I better define ‘mestard,’ ‘mastard’ and ‘mostard’ in case people fuck up.” Makes no sense.

Cauliflower - It’s like broccoli, but white. It’s a vegetable and it’s fine. I had fried cauliflower at a bowling alley once and it was great. I don’t know why I remember that, but it’s a super vivid memory for some reason. I remember sitting behind our lane next to my high school friend James, dunking warm fried cauliflower into ranch dressing and thinking, “This is fucking delicious.” I haven’t seen James in a while. I think he works for TD Bank now.

Caulk - This is that industrial glue stuff you use in random cracks around your house, but it’s also famously known as the word that sounds like “cock.” Wait a second, this definition sounds familiar. Ohhhhhhh I fucking figured it out! I wrote the same thing for Calk. I guess it can be spelled both ways. That sucks. Or I guess I should say it sulcks.

Caution - One of those yellow signs that says “CAUTION” on it. It means “be the fuck careful!” You know those Caution Wet Floor signs? I always wonder how many people slipped while putting up one of those signs.

I didn’t need to put this picture in. I just kind of like how these signs look. Maybe I’ll get one for my apartment. Eh, I should probably get a couch first.

Censorship - When you’re not allowed to say something. Sometimes you get censored because you expressed ideas that contrast those of a ruling power, but other times you get censored because you said, “I farted on Mother Teresa’s Jewish pussy.”

Chandelier - One of those extremely fancy light fixtures that has, like, strings of crystals and pearls and diamonds. You wanna say to the light, like, “Hey, chill out, dude. No need to draw this much attention to yourself. You’re already the brightest thing in the room. Calm the F-D.”


Chauffeur - Fancy word for limo driver. A chauffeur dresses all fancy - suit, hat, white gloves sometimes. But most of their job is just waiting in the limo for the rich people to leave the gala. It’s hard to imagine sitting in the limo that long without whacking it. I wonder if they ever whack it with the white gloves on. Seems like that would hurt. Okay, just got up and tried it with a pair of wool gloves I own. Got 6 seconds into it before stopping. Don’t whack it with gloves.

Cheerleader - A high school or college student who puts on a tight uniform with their school’s colors and spends the whole football or basketball game cheering and dancing and screaming for their school’s team to win. There’s a bunch of cheerleaders in a squad, and they’re so fucking excited for their team to win. Like, soooo fucking excited. Cheerleading is a good way to make the game more annoying. Like, you showed up to watch touchdowns, and now you’re seeing a dozen girls who just got their learner’s permit screaming, “We! Are! Dynamite! That’s why we’re gonna win tonight!” And you wanna just take a snowplow and push ‘em to the side. Sidenote - what the fuck are pom-poms? Like what are they made of? I would look up pom-poms but I wrote the definition for it so I guess that’s fucked.

Chemotherapy - A way to treat cancer and hopefully get rid of it. Some people just call it “chemo,” which is a cool nickname IMO.

Chicanery - A cannery but for chickens? Sorry, you’re on your own with this one. 

Chigger - I don’t feel comfortable getting anywhere near this word.

Chip - This is a lot of things. (1) A small piece of something that breaks off of something bigger, like a wood "chip" or when you "chip" your tooth. (2) A potato chip. (3) When you lightly hit a golf ball. (4) Little round, colorful coins you bet with at casinos. (5) My neighbor divorced a guy named Chip because he slept with her sister. It was like a real-life soap opera. I'm pretty sure Chip died in a jet ski accident a couple years ago. He was always doing crazy stuff. He was one of those guys where someone’s like, “Did you hear Chip Fuller died in a jet ski accident” and you’re like, “Yeah, that checks out.”

Chlamydia - This is a sexually transmitted disease. The only person I know who’s had chlamydia is my Uncle Remus. He used to like, brag about it? It was weird. I think he thought it was cool he had a sexually transmitted disease cuz that was proof he had had sex? I don’t know, man. Remus is a weird fucking guy. He wears one of those Vietnam veteran hats covered in stars, but he’s literally never been outside of the United States.

Chloroform - This is a chemical that bad guys put on a white cloth then hold it over your mouth to make you pass out so they can kidnap you. I’ve never encountered chloroform in real life, but it comes up in 95% of movies. The cloth goes over the protagonist’s mouth, they yell, pass out, then wake up an hour later tied to a chair, staring at a Russian guy with an eyepatch named Sergei.

Chockablock - This looks like some Dr. Seuss bullshit. The Chockablocks are probably weird creatures who love cake and live in sand castles or some shit. Like “The Chocablocks did love their cake!/ They’d sing and dance and laugh and bake! / Once a year they’d gorf a smorf / Then scarf a darf and chock a chorf!”

Chock-full - Wow I didn’t know this was, like, an official word? It just means when something is full of stuff. I guess you could just say “full” and lose the “chock,” but the “chock” kinda means it’s fuller than usual, I guess? Like, something that’s “full” is full, but something that’s “CHOCK-full,” is fucking FULL.

Choppy - When there’s a lot of waves. My friend’s uncle used to have a boat, and he’d always be like, “It’s looking pretty choppy today,” and he was talking about the waves. I’m surprised my parents let me near that guy. He took me and my friend fishing a couple times, and he used to brag about having sex with his wife in the kitchen. I was always like, “Why are you telling us this? We’re 12.”

Chore - This is a task your parents make you do as a kid. Doing the dishes, laundry, taking out the trash, sweeping, etc. Chores suck. It honestly feels like your parents only had you so you could help them with all the annoying bullshit chores they used to have to do themselves. They got sick of dusting the shelves or whatever the hell so they had a couple kids who could deal with it instead. 

Chortle - A funny way to say “laugh.” For some reason, I can only imagine a super fat guy chortling. Like, if you’re average-sized, you just chuckle, but if you’re a 400-pound butcher named Gus, you definitely chortle.

Chronological - When something is arranged in the order of when it happened. So if you wanted to list the years in chronological order starting with 1981, you’d be like, “1981, 1982, 1983, 1984, 1985, 1986, 1987…” That’d be a really stupid thing to do. I hope no one ever has to do that.

Chow Mein - A Chinese meal that has noodles and vegetables and shit. I never order it. I usually just get six egg rolls and a fortune cookie. I’m aware that that’s a weird thing to do, but that’s really one of my only weird things. The six egg roll / fortune cookie thing.

Cicada - A weird bug that makes a loud noise. Back in the early 2000s a swarm of cicadas showed up where I lived. They apparently pop up every 17 years then die? What is that about? Why 17 years? They came, shed their weird outer skeleton on nearby trees, then ditched the spot. I get that nature is beautiful or whatever, but fuck that.

Cinder Block - A big dumb gray concrete rectangle with two holes in it. Super heavy. Feels very slave-y. Like you can imagine a slave owner just making his slave carry cinder blocks back and forth for no good reason. Also, it definitely seems like a cinder block would have been dropped on the head of one of the bad guys from “Home Alone.” Marv, probably. Marv feels more like the “cinder block” guy.

Circumspect - Hmmm. It’s like when you’re circumspect of something. Like, you’re just sort of circumspect of it. You know?

Cislunar - Hm. Okay. I’m pretty sure cisgender means that your gender lines up with the sex you were given at birth. So I guess that cislunar means… when the moon’s gender (?) lines up (?) with the sex (?) it was given at birth (?)? I don’t know, I feel like someone is playing a trick on me right now.

Civvies - Huh? This is a word? It sounds like a derogatory slur for people who enjoy learning about the Civil War. “Why don’t you put down that Doris Kearns Goodwin book, you fuckin’ civvy?!?”

Clamshell - It’s the shell of a clam, but hold on - are we really getting into fucking animal shell territory? Can’t I just define “clam” and you can safely assume it has a clamshell because what the fuck kind of clam DOESN’T have a clamshell? A clam without a clamshell would be fucking hideous.

Classified - Top-secret information. The nuclear launch code feels like a good example of something that’s probably classified. And it’s probably something insane, like “B8MC24^T#SNJS@0001%3%//>3809DNLJIWOC83#$SDK@#%&TF.” Or maybe it’s one of those things that’s, like, counterintuitively super-easy. Like “bomb.”

Cleat - Oh, fuck. I didn’t know there could be just one “cleat.” I thought it always had to be plural, so “cleats.” Cleats are those shoes that baseball and soccer players wear that have cleats at the bottom. Cleat I can’t help you with.

Click - When something makes a clicking noise. It’s very hard to describe a noise using just words, but I know you know what a click is. Okay, you know when you click your mouse? That’s a click.

Cloister - Shit. I forget. Or I never knew. I’m 3% sure that’s it’s a cluster of oysters, but again, just 3%, so maybe just move on to clone.

Clone - When a person or animal is replicated and suddenly there’s two or more of them. Majorly sci-fi-y. It’s super weird too, cuz it’s not exactly like having twins. Twins come from fucking. With clones there’s no fucking. It’s just a bunch of workaholic scientists in a lab, wanting to clone a rat or a mouse or a sheep. Why sheep? What’s even the point of cloning sheep? Don’t they all look alike anyway? Have you ever seen one sheep look even slightly different from any other sheep? Sheep already are clones. Bitch!

Try telling me there’s a single distinguishing feature among these sheep.

Coax - When you persuade someone into giving you something. I think it’s usually kinda manipulative. Like, if Debbie has an M&M cookie in her lunchbox, Trevor might tell her she has nice hair or promise to do her homework later if she gives it to him. He doesn’t really give a shit about Debbie but he coaxed her into giving him that delicious M&M cookie. 

Cobbler - A cobbler is kinda like a pie. Pies are round and have cute little designs on top, but a cobbler isn’t so done up. It’s just a random blob of crust and fruit, but it’s still really good. Oh, a cobbler is also a person who makes shoes because fuck you.

Cochlea - Holy shit, I know this. It has something to do with your ear. Cuz a “cochlear implant” is one of those things they give deaf people so they can hear better. No joke, the hardest I’ve cried in the last twenty years was that video of a deaf woman getting a cochlear implant and hearing stuff for the first time. I wept. Between that video and videos of military people being reunited with their dogs, I’m a fucking wreck.

Coexist - Bumper sticker for hippies.

Coitus - This is the scientific word for sex. A good way to ensure you never have sex again is to refer to it as “coitus.” Can you imagine? Being like, “You wanna head back to my place and have coitus?” You should be locked up.

Coleslaw - This is tiny slices of cabbage covered in mayonnaise. It’s a side dish at just about every restaurant I’ve ever been to. It comes in a little cup and tastes like dry bullshit about 50% of the time. 

Colloquialism - How something is referred to by regular people. Like if you’re going to bed, you might be like, “I’m gonna hit the hay.” You’re not actually going to destroy some hay. You’re just going to sleep. I feel like I did a bad job with this one.

Colon - It’s this thing: :. Wait, it’s not: :. It’s: : wait it’s basically : <---- that thing right there in front of the arrow, the thing with the two vertical periods. You use it when you’re introducing stuff in a semi-important way. Like, here’s a list of office supplies: Pencils, paper, printer ink cartridges. So yeah, that thing that came between “supplies” and “pencils” is a colon. Oh, and also, for some reason, the other thing a colon is, is something that processes your turds as they make their way to your ass.


A colon (L) and a colon (R)

Colonize - When white people show up somewhere and go, “This is ours now.” And the indigenous people are like, “Uhhh we’ve lived here for thousands of years.” But the white people are relentless and set up a government and before you know it, all the indigenous people are dead or alcoholic. And 200 years later, the white people are finally like, “Hey, sorry about that” and they set up a scholarship fund or something.

Colonnade - I think this is a row of columns or pillars. I remember learning that when I learned about the Parthenon. Pretty cool I remember shit like that but I don’t know any of my friends’ birthdays. “Colonnade” also kinda sounds like a knockoff version of Gatorade. Like, “We couldn’t afford Gatorade so we got Colonnade instead. It tastes like shit.”

Colonoscopy - A procedure that older people get to find out if they have butt cancer. You have to drink this disgusting drink for a day leading up to the procedure, and when you get there, the doctor sticks a camera up your anus to see if you have any weird cancer bumps. The root word is “colon” because your colon is the tube/sac (?) directly attached to your asshole.

Colony - A small area where people live together, but that area is far away from their homeland. The U.S. started out as 13 British colonies, which is why there are 13 stripes on our flag. I learned that in Boy Scouts. I was only in Boy Scouts for like two months cuz I went camping with my troop, and a kid in the next tent over named Timmy Husted woke up in the middle of the night with a raccoon sniffing his face. He screamed bloody murder and the whole troop ran out of their tents to see what was going on. He was fine, but I quit the group as soon as I got home. Timmy’s brother Gene manages the deli counter at the Kmart in my hometown. I saw him there last time I was visiting family, but I don’t know him well enough to be like, “Hey, man!” so I just acted like I didn’t see him.

Colophon - No clue. Sounds like a bad guy from Transformers to me. Optimus Prime is like, “I have defeated Decepticon. Now I must defeat Colophon.”

Colorado potato beetle - OK, lot of context clues here. It’s a beetle native to Colorado, obviously. I’m not sure where “potato” comes in, though. Maybe it looks like a potato? Or smells like a potato? Or eats potatoes? You’re on your own with the “potato” part, sorry.

Combo - Short for “combination.” This word comes up at fast food restaurants a lot. You’ll be like, “Can I get the number four combo?” which is the combination of a chicken sandwich, fries and a large soda. “Combos” are also a popular snack food. They’re cheese-filled pretzel tubes. They’re one of those snacks where you’re like, “Meh, these are okay I guess,” then hard cut to fifteen minutes later, and you’ve inhaled like 20,000 of them.


Comely - This is a weird way to say someone is hot. Don’t use this word. This word is for elderly men in the Revolutionary War describing young dames they wanna sleep with after their wife of 40 years suddenly dies of dysentery.

Comet - A space rock with a bright white-yellowish tail as it goes by in the night sky. Some comets are recurring, like Halley’s comet. I’m not sure if comets are the space rocks we should be worried about. There are meteors, meteoroids (small meteors?), meteorites (ever smaller meteors?), asteroids and comets. One or more of those could hit the planet and kill us all. I don’t THINK it’s comet. I wanna say it’s asteroid? Comet is also the name of the golden retriever on “Full House.” I don’t know why I remember that. I don’t know the name of the thing that could kill us at any second, but I know the name of the fucking “Full House” dog. Cool.  

Comforter - A huge warm blanket that covers like your whole bed. I think some people call it a duvet and put a duvet cover over it to protect it, but then what if you want to protect your duvet cover? And then what if you want to protect your duvet cover-cover? Or if you want to protect the cover to the cover that covers your duvet cover? Why all the covering? Why all the protecting? Where does it end?

Comma - This thing ------> ,

Commando - When someone doesn’t wear underwear, it’s called “going commando.” I don’t know why. I’ve gone commando to work a few times, and it feels incredible. It’s a little scary cuz if your fly is down, everyone can see your junk, but that terror is part of the reason it feels so exciting and freeing.

Commission - I used to make commission when I worked at a movie theater. It’s like a small cut of the overall money you make at work. So if you’re working the register and you’ve made 300 bucks for the theater, and your commission is 10%, you’d get 30 bucks for yourself. So the more you sell, the higher your commission. That’s why I’d always be like, “Are you sure you only want a small popcorn? Why not get an extra-large popcorn and also six bags of Sour Patch Kids and a 20-dollar bucket of nachos? Please? I can’t ask my parents for money again.”


Common - Stuff that happens all the time. Breathing’s a good example. That’s the most common thing and everyone does it. Eating’s also common. Not as common as breathing, cuz no one eats all the time, except those fat motorcycle twins from the Guinness Book of World Records. Those dudes might even eat more often than they breathe. Here, let me show you a pic:

Eating is COMMON for the fat motorcycle twins.

Common Law - Real quick, let me just say that it pisses me off when there are two-word words in the dictionary. Like, they’re two different words, and they both have their own definitions. Why not just look up “common” and look up “law” and do the math. Here, let me do that and prove my point. “Stuff that happens all the time” and “The official rules for being alive.” So… yeah, actually I don’t think that’s what common law means. Damn.

Compass - A little handheld thing with an arrow that tells you what direction you’re facing. Just use Google Maps.

Complicate - To complicate something by making it more complicated. Like if you’re getting a coffee at Starbucks and it costs $4.23 - if you want to complicate paying for that, you could go to nine people in line and ask them each for 47 cents. It’s so much easier to just give the cashier five bucks. The 47 cents thing would likely cause someone in line to push you into the pastries.

Concerto - This is a fancy Italian (?) or Spanish (?) way to say “concert.” I’m like 60% sure it’s pronounced “con-CHAIR-toe.”

Conclusion - The end of a thing.

Concur - A rich old coughing British person’s way of saying “I agree.”

Don’t say, “I concur!” unless you look like this.

Conditioner - The stuff you put in your hair when you shower that’s not shampoo. Kinda doesn’t feel necessary if you ask me, but I’m also bald.

Confession - When you confess something, like “I ate the last cookie” or “I murdered my stepdad” or “Remember when I said I liked your new haircut? I actually think it makes your face look fat.” Catholics confess by sitting in a small wooden box with a priest. They’re like “Forgive me Father, I had sex with my gardener” and the priest is like, “Okay, whatever, sure, just say you’re sorry six times and we’re good.” God isn’t real.

Conglomerate - When several things come together to form an even bigger thing. I think rocks can form a conglomerate but so can other things like businesses. For example, Berkshire Hathaway is a conglomerate that owns GEICO, Fruit of the Loom, Duracell and Dairy Queen. That’s true. Long story short: I don’t understand how money works and it’s a constant stressor in my life. 

Connive - Huh. I usually just hear the word “conniving,” which is when someone’s conniving, which is when someone’s doing illegal, secretive stuff - behind people’s backs and stuff. But I think it’s only used on TV dramas when some lady’s like, “Evelyn, you’re nothing but a two-timing, back-stabbing conniving little COWARD!” and then the lady slaps Evelyn and it’s super satisfying.

Consist - It’s like saying “has,” but more when you’re talking about what’s inside of something. Like there’s that fact about the human body consisting of 60% water. That always freaked me out. There’s no way I’m 60% water. That’s absolutely fucking disgusting. Are we all seriously just these fucking water monsters trying to fuck each other? Awful. Just hideous. 

Conspicuous - When you’re trying not to attract attention to yourself but you’re doing a really bad job. Like, if you’re trying to go to the house of a girl you have a crush on so you can spy on her, and you decide to duct tape a bunch of branches and leaves to yourself, and then you break into the garage and get a ladder that you use to climb up to the second floor, and then you stand right outside her window and make bird noises to try to get her to come back to her bedroom so you can spy on her - you are being conspicuous.

Constitutional - When something is in line with the Constitution. The Constitution is an old list of rules that Americans follow. The whole thing seems pretty corny to me, to be honest. Some guys wrote up a rulebook 300 years ago and we have to follow it? Those guys would shit their pants if they saw a cellphone, but sure, I’ll follow their dumb old rules. Some people get so worked up about this stuff, like “That’s unconstitutional!” And it’s like… calm down. Rules aren’t even real. Just don’t kill people and be nice and everything will be ok.

Consubstantiation - When your con is really... substantiated? 

Consummate - I’ve only heard this when people say “consummate the marriage,” which means a married couple goes to their room and fucks right after the wedding ceremony. It’s like the act of having sex makes the marriage official, if that makes sense? I think it was more of thing back in the day when people actually waited for marriage to have sex, but nowadays everyone fucks all the time before they get married. So when someone is like “It’s time to consummate the marriage!” everyone at the wedding kinda giggles cuz they all know the couple has already boned a thousand times.

Container - Something that holds other items inside of it. For example, I have a plastic container full of broccoli in my fridge. I picked it up at the grocery about a month ago and told myself, “You’re going to EAT this broccoli. You’re NOT going to do what you always do and let it rot in your fridge.” But that’s exactly what happened. It’s definitely not safe to eat anymore, but I don’t want to open up the container and dump it into the trash, because then my kitchen will smell like rotten broccoli. So instead of dealing with the situation, I’m just gonna keep it in the back of my fridge for the rest of eternity.

Contortionist - A person who twists and turns their body into weird shapes. And I guess they get money to do that?? I don’t know - that part makes no sense to me. 

Contumacious - Give me a break. This looks like a made-up Dr. Seuss word or some shit. Like “vomitrocious” or “redonkulous.” That kind of bullshit. Fuck this word. And fuck you for reading this. I’m in a shitty fucking mood today.

Convention - A giant gathering of weirdos celebrating a shared weirdo interest. Like if you attend a canoe convention, you’ll go to some weird convention center with a thousand other canoe lovers, and you’ll see canoe experts give keynote speeches, making insightful points about canoes. They’ll probably unveil next year’s newest canoe, and then back at the hotel six or seven canoe fans will have an orgy, and it will be a mind-blowing experience for all of them.

Convivial - I’m like 80% sure this means “having a good time at a party.” If you’re dancing and laughing and drinking out of champagne flutes with your friends, you could say things were “convivial.” You shouldn’t, but you could.

Cookbook - A book filled with recipes. Good for if you’re cooking, bad for if you feel like reading a book.

Coolant - A liquid that you pour into your car for... reasons. Maybe to “cool” something down? I don’t know, man. I don't know anything about cars. My engine light has been on for like two years and I just kinda ignore it and hope it’s nothing too serious.

Coordinate - This means you’re organizing something or, like, bringing different things together? Like, you coordinate it, basically. The word starts with “co,” which means you do it with other people. Like how “cooperate” means you operate with someone else or “coparent” means you and your significant other both raise your kid but you kinda hate each other and fuck other people. “Coordinate” can also mean a specific point on a map. Like, imagine a military guy being like, “Sergeant, what are your coordinates?” then the sergeant would say something like, “92 parsecs to the northwest.”

Copulate - A science-y way to say “have sex.” No one says this about human sex. It’s always about animals or plants or something. If a human person says “Let’s copulate,” they’re a fucking serial killer and you should run as fast as you can.

Corner - Where one wall of the room meets the other wall of the room, creating a corner.

Cornucopia - This is that weird wicker horn thing that you see around Thanksgiving. It’s stuffed with gourds and wheat and corn and leaves and it’s a symbol for like… harvest? Or the end of harvest? It’s on a lot of Thanksgiving merch, but seems like a pagan thing to me. Or an Indian thing. Wait, are Indians pagans? Fuck, am I allowed to say that?

Corporation - A big-ass business company organization thing, like Toyota or Pepsi or Bank of America. Usually like a million people work for them. They’re like their own little money planets, and they have a million divisions and branches and shit. It all sucks. I’m sort of just picturing huge offices with papers and coffee and data and reports and human resources departments. Honestly, all the worst words that you can think of are what corporations are about - “strategic management,” “industrial relations,” “research and development,” “global sector.” Do any of those words make you feel good at all? The answer is no.

Correct - When something’s right. If someone says something true, you’d be like, “Yes that’s correct.” But you can just say “Yes.” You don’t have to say “Correct.” It kinda makes you sound condescending to be honest. If someone’s like “Is the sky blue?” don’t be like “Correct!” Just be like “Yeah.” Also maybe be a little concerned that the person you’re with isn’t sure if the sky is blue. 

Coruscate - I can confidently say that I have no clue what this word means.

Countenance - I’m pretty sure this means the look on your face. You have a happy countenance if you’re smiling, but you have a sad countenance if you’re frowning. It might have another meaning, but I don’t know what it is. God, I’m fucking tired of defining shit. 

Counterespionage - This is a giant word that just means “Stop someone from spying on you.” So, like… imagine someone is spying on you. Then imagine you stopping them. That’s counterespionage. I went to school with a guy named Stacy Helms, and I’m pretty sure he was a spy. He told everyone he was a “photographer” but he was always on business trips in, like, Uzbekistan. Who does that?

Country - The big place where you’re from. Like, Greece or something. It’s a much bigger deal than what city you’re from. Cuz like, it feels really big and important to be like, “I am an American. You are an American. We are all Americans.” Rather than, like, “Hey, what’s up? We’re from Buffalo.”

Crabby - When you’re in a bad mood. I was pretty crabby when I woke up this morning cuz they only let me get two hours of sleep and then I had to define words all day. I started the day ten hours ago with the word “cowhide” and I’m only on crabby. And this is like my tenth word in a row that starts with “crab.” So yeah, I’m really fucking crabby because I’m fucking exhausted and I keep having to define crab words.

Croissant - It’s that French pastry breakfast food that seems like it’s made entirely of crumbs. If someone’s like, “Name a French word,” I say, “Croissant” and I say it in a fun exaggerated French accent that’s likely offensive to natives.

Crown - 1) The spiked (?) bejeweled (?) hat I guess you’d call it, that kings and queens wear. Like a visor, it doesn’t cover your head, so if it rains and you’re a king, you better find an umbrella. 2) I think it’s like a fake tooth that you put over your real tooth? 3) When a baby’s head emerges from its mom’s vagina. During birth, that is.

Cryogenics - Oh! I know this from Austin Powers. It’s when you freeze a human body and bring it back to life later - I assume usually much later. Otherwise it’s probably dumb to do. If you’re gonna cryogenically freeze yourself for two months, maybe just show up for jury duty instead?

Cryolite - No clue. This doesn’t come up in life. It sounds like a fancy rock? Or mineral? Is a mineral just, like, grainier rock (?). I don’t know. I can just imagine some archaeologists on a sandy hill being like, “The sediment is teeming with cryolite,” and everyone nodding. You don’t need to know this word.

Culottes - I don’t know what this is. I just Google image searched it. I guess they’re like these loose, sort of airy pants for women who like to stand in empty white rooms.

I guess this is culottes.

Cummerbund - The weird silk stomach-belt(?) that goes with a tuxedo. It’s for fancy occasions only, so guys only wear them to prom and to weddings. No one’s rolling up to a Denny’s with a cummerbund. They come in different colors, but I have no clue what they’re for. To hide your fat? Like Spanx for men? Or maybe you’re supposed to tuck your boner into it when you’re in public? The problem with tucking your boner under your belt is that it makes you hornier so the boner never goes away. Maybe that’s just me, but whenever I tuck my boner up, all I’m thinking about is how much of a tucked boner I have and it only gets worse. Cuz it’s, like, trapped and can’t get out and that’s kinda hot. Wait, is that a bondage thing? Damn, maybe I’m into bondage. 

Curio - No clue, but it sounds like a “cool” way to say curious. Like, “Hey, you guys wanna walk down the block and see what’s up with all those firetrucks? I’m maj curio.”

Curt - A more mature-sounding way of saying someone’s a dick. Like if you ask the waiter to show you a dessert menu and the waiter’s like, “No, but I can show you the check.” That would be curt as fuck.

Custard - Oh man, I used to hate custard. It’s like a yellow yogurt (?) that’s used in desserts. I used to bite into donuts expecting cream or jelly and I’d get a mouthful of nasty custard and I fucking hated that. I’d rather bite into a donut filled with salsa. But the older I get, the more I’m cool with custard. I don’t know why. Same thing with broccoli and vodka. I used to hate both of those things, but now they comprise like 40% of my diet.

Cyclone - Wind that goes really fast in a circle and might hurt you. I think hurricanes and tornadoes are both types of cyclones? And so are typhoons? I’m a little sketchy on the difference between all of these. All I know is if a weatherman is like “There’s a giant cyclone coming,” you should be scared.

Cyst - A little skin bump that’s filled with fluid. You can get ‘em drained. I think they’re usually harmless, which almost makes it that more annoying that they exist. I had an ex-girlfriend in college who had a bunch of cysts on her scalp. So they weren’t visible, but anytime I’d try to run my fingers through her hair, she’d be like, “Just. Don’t. Okay?” We went out for less than three months.


D
Daiquiri - An alcoholic beverage exclusively for 45-year-old women at a Sandals resort trying to have an affair.

Dally - Something you do when you’re also dillying. I think it means, like, dawdling? Like you’re taking your time to do something. I dunno, man, the whole “dilly-dally” thing kinda creeps me out. It sounds like how an au pair would say “masturbate.”

Dandruff - Small white stuff that falls from your hair sometimes. Don’t really know what it is. Probably like, dry scalp shreddings or dry hair or something. It’s like a 3 out of 10 on the Gross Scale.

Dark - When it’s harder to see stuff cuz it’s not light. Being dark is often a key indicator of nighttime. Things are often a lot scarier in the dark because it’s easier to hide and get away with stuff when people can’t see you. If you’re going to attack someone, I definitely recommend doing it when it’s dark. Not that I recommend attacking someone, it’s just that I’m trying to define the word dark and it’s harder than it looks so fuck this.

Dazzle - To impress someone with how fancy and sparkly you are. If you finish a Rubik’s cube, you “impress” someone. But if you finish a Rubik’s cube while also wearing a sequined top hat and tap dancing, you “dazzle” them.

Dead heat - When two horses or people are racing, and they’re pretty much tied and the race is almost over. The announcer’s like, “Baked Ziti and Rubberboy are in a dead heat!” and it’s like, why do horses have names like that?

Deadpan - When someone says something but without smiling or having any expression really. I feel like for it to be deadpan, the thing you’re saying has to be pretty interesting. Like if you say, “I just won the lottery” without a facial expression, that’s definitely deadpan. But if you say, “I need new gloves” without a facial expression, that just sort of makes sense. Actually it’d be really weird to say “I need new gloves” while smiling. You’d probably lose a few friends if you pulled that kinda shit a lot.

Dead meat - This is classic bully lingo. If you’re a bully and you wanna threaten a nerd, you say “You’re dead meat,” which really means “I’m gonna beat the shit out of you after school, Bernard.”

Debenture - I don’t know what this word means, but it kinda sounds like the way a baby would say “adventure.” You know how babies say words, but it’s always a little off? My buddy’s baby says “gobba” instead of “water” but we all know she means water and it’s super cute. Damn, I think I want a baby.

Debug - I guess this is when you get rid of bugs? You “debug” something. No joke, I saw a cockroach climb OUT of my stove a couple weeks ago. I’ve never wanted to kill myself more.

Debunk - To prove something isn’t true, especially a myth or a crazy theory. If someone is like “I BELIEVE MUSTARD IS PURPLE!!!” but then you squirt some mustard out and it’s yellow, you have successfully debunked that theory. But you should probably get the purple-mustard guy checked into an institution. 

Debut - When you show everyone something for the first time. Sorry that’s vague but it’s hard to say what a debut is without saying the word debut. It’s like if Apple has a new iPhone, they debut it. They show everyone something for the first time.

Debutante - I think this is another word for “socialite”? Like, a youngish woman who wears fur and goes to balls and I might be wrong, but I think she’s kind of -- well, I think she’s kind of a slut? But in, like, an old-timey good way? Oh God, that’s so offensive. For what it’s worth, I like sluts. I think being a slut is great. Oh God, I hope no one reads this and cancels me. I swear, I genuinely like sluts.

Decade - Ten years. I fucking nailed this one.

Decadence - Okay, so I know “decadent” means “downfall.” I don’t know how I know that, but I do. I think it might’ve been on a vocab quiz I took once. But I feel like I’ve also heard someone describe chocolate strawberries as “decadent.” This might not mean anything to you, and it barely makes sense to me, but the most “decadent” thing I can think of is a Ferrero Rocher commercial. They always have a bunch of rich, hot people in silk-gold clothes and there’s a table with a giant pyramid of Ferrero Rochers on it. So downfall + chocolate… Hm. Maybe decadent means people are too focused on dumb, rich shit like fancy chocolate that they forget to care about society… so… the society fails and there’s a downfall? 

Decaf - Coffee with no fucking point.

Decagon - I think this is a shape with ten sides. Not entirely sure why we, as a species, need to know that. Decagons don’t actually exist. You’ll see triangles and squares and shit like that in nature, and I guess the Pentagon building exists, but every shape after five sides is totally fake. A bunch of math people just got bored and wanted to keep naming sided stuff, so now we all have to pretend like “decagon” is a word worth knowing. It’s not. And while I’m here, fuck hypotenuses, rhombuses and whatever the hell “logarithm” means.

Decedent - I think this is a fancy word for “dead person.” If you’re “deceased,” you’re a “decedent.” Seems like a pretty clunky way to be like “He’s dead,” but sure, go for it. I can’t tell you how to live your life. If you wanna be the kind of weirdo who calls dead people “decedents,” I can’t stop you. But don’t be surprised if people stop wanting to hang out with you.

Deception - When you trick someone into thinking something that’s not true. It’s almost always a fucked up thing to do to someone. In 1st grade this kid Davis Gilbert went around telling everyone that if a bee stings you on the nut, your nut falls out of your scrotum and you only have one. When he said that, Davis engaged in an act of deception. Super fucked up. It wasn’t until I was like 12 that I finally stopped cupping my nuts when I was near bees.

Decrease - When something gets lower than it was before. Like the number of people who talk about Harrison Ford will probably decrease over the next 100 years. I’m not saying people won’t be talking about him 100 years from now. But he definitely won’t be talked about as much, unless he, like, discovers the cure for skin cancer or something. But that’d just be so fucking weird if that happened.

Deduction - When you pay less money on your taxes than you could be paying. It’s usually for shit like donating to charity, and work expenses. But you can kind of cheat what counts as a work expense. Like if you’re a teacher, and you go see that Elton John movie “Rocketman,” you can deduct the cost of the ticket and be like, “It’s important for me to know about Elton John so I can tell my students which Elton John albums to avoid.”

Defile - To make something gross. Remember that scene in The Squid and the Whale where the kid shoots his load all over a bunch of library books and then smears it. I can qualifiedly say he defiled those books.

Deify - I think it’s when you treat someone like they’re some sort of god. So for example, massive Kevin Costner fans probably deify Kevin Costner. That being said, if you’re a massive Kevin Costner fan, who are you?

Deltoid - The muscle located near the delts.

Denim - The stuff that jeans are made out of. This doesn’t really have anything to do with the definition, but I went to school with a kid named Eric Denim.

Deprive - To prevent someone from getting something essential. Feels like it’s almost always air. It’s never a good thing. No one’s ever like, “My mom and dad deprived me of water for two months and I feel great!”

Despot - I think this is just a fancier word for “tyrant,” which is just a fancier word for “dictator,” which is just a fancier word for “asshole in charge.”

Destructive - When something makes things worse for everyone. Like a destructive janitor might pour the dirty mop water all over the floor and just leave it there, and not even put up one of those CAUTION WET FLOOR signs. Or instead of refilling the toilet paper thing, they might TP the bathroom and smear shit on the stall door and piss on some desks and maybe set fire to one of the classrooms. That janitor should probably get fired.

Detonate - I think it’s when something explodes, but there’s maybe like a timer aspect involved. Like it’s an “if you do not evacuate the premises in 5 minutes and 41 seconds” kind of thing.

Devoid - It’s when you’re without something. Which I think is also what “void” means. So for example, I am devoid of an explanation for why I have to define both devoid and void if they mean the same fucking thing. (See VOID for the exact same definition)

Diadem - It’s like a tiara.

Diagonal - When something is crooked. Maybe not crooked, but like, not straight? In the Harry Potter books, I think Diagon Alley is supposed to be a play on the word “diagonally,” which is kinda cute.


Diamond - The most expensive rock. It’s in wedding rings and fancy necklaces and it’s kinda clear and pointy. There’s a song that says diamonds are “a girl’s best friend” because women go nuts for big diamonds. Meanwhile, man’s best friend is dogs. I don’t mean to be sexist or whatever, but I’d much rather have a loyal and loving dog than a handful of pointy rocks.

Diaphragm - The area below your ribs but above your stomach that goes up and down when you breathe. My middle school choir director used to tell us to sing from our diaphragm a lot. I wonder what happened to Mrs. Smith. She was strict but you could tell she cared about us. I think I’m Facebook friends with her, but I’m never on there. Maybe I’ll message her later. 

Dicotyledon - Any of a group of seed plants having an embryo with two cotyledons.

Diesel - This is the option at gas stations for truck drivers. Normal people get unleaded gas, but big truck guys get diesel. I guess it’s gas, but different somehow? Like, stronger gas? Thicker gas? All I think about when I hear “diesel” is Vin Diesel. (PICTURE OF VIN DIESEL)

Digit - A number or a finger or a toe.

Dimity - I refuse to believe this is a word.

Dimple - A small line (?) or indent (?) on either side of your mouth that is super cute for some reason. A lot of kids have dimples but then they grow out of them. But some people keep their dimples forever and it’s sort of like… aw, cute dimples. I don’t know why it’s cute. Maybe because dimples remind people of cute little babies? I don’t know. I’m not a face scientist. Oh, dimples can also refer to indents in other stuff, like the little dimples on a golf ball. Those aren’t cute, though. I mean, some people might think golf ball dimples are cute, but those people are probably weird golf perverts or something.

Dinky - Something that’s really small but it also sucks. A good rule of thumb is that if a word ends in “inky,” it’s pretty fucking lame. Actually, that’s a good rule of pinky.

Diploma - A rolled up piece of paper they hand you when you graduate. It’s basically a certificate for finishing school. Some people proudly hang their diploma on the wall, but the majority of people throw it in a box in the basement labeled “STUFF” and forget about it forever because it means literally nothing.

Diplomacy - When two countries shake hands instead of bomb each other and everyone’s happy about it.

Diplomat - A person shaking hands with other countries so they won’t bomb us.

Diplomatist - A longer way to say “diplomat”? I don’t know. All these “diplo-” words just make me think of that guy Diplo. I think he’s a DJ and he hangs out with Justin Bieber sometimes. He’s not a diplomat, but I guess he could be if he really put his mind to it.

Dipper - The Big Dipper and the Little Dipper are two star formations that kinda look like ladles. If you don’t know what a ladle is, then just look up its definition.

Dirigible - Ah fuck. I feel like I used to know what this is. I wanna say it’s like an airplane? But for some reason my gut is telling me that it’s a condom that hasn’t expired yet. Like, “Oh nice, we can still have sex. This condom doesn’t expire for three more days. It’s still dirigible.” I don’t know why I think that’s what it is. Sorry if I’m way off the mark.

Dirndl - I can’t believe this is a word. Look at it. Where are the rest of the vowels? This looks like someone smacked their keyboard. Like this, watch: anjdfs. There ya go, that’s a new word. Have fun with it.

Disavow - To, like, remove yourself from something that you previously supported. So, like, if you publicly support the right for raccoons to be housepets, you might wanna disavow yourself from that.

Discharge - Ew, gross. When, like, pus and blood and other fluids come out of your butt, eyes and vagina. Can we move on?

Discreet - Okay, this fucks me up BIG time. I was just talking to someone about how much this fucks me up. So, “discreet” with two e’s means “on the down low.” Like, you tell a secret but you don’t make a big deal out of it. You’re discreet. But...

Discrete - …“discrete” with “e-t-e” means “separate” or “individual.” Like, you have a bunch of bananas, but every banana is unique and has its own quirks. Damn, that’s a bad fucking example.

Disenchanted - When you’re sad about something you were once happy with. Like if you loved cashews all your life, but now you’re turning into a smoked almond man, you’ve become disenchanted with cashews. That’s not the best example, but I could really go for some smoked almonds right now.

Disgusting - When something is super fucking gross. One time in high school I babysat my teacher’s kids and I was doing that Superman thing with her 6-year-old son - that thing where you hold a kid above you with your arms and legs and it’s like they’re flying - and my foot pushed his stomach a little, and he barfed in my face. No joke. I ran to the bathroom and barfed his awful fruit punch barf out of my mouth. It was the most disgusting thing that’s ever happened to me.

Dislocate - Ah fuck. I was hoping I wouldn’t have to define this. Okay, it’s when one of your bones… ahhh… when it, uh… like, pops out of place FUCK. It’s so gruesome. Like maybe you’re playing football and someone tackles you and… jesus fuck… your knee, like twists, and ahhhh like pops out and sort of pokes the skin out and then you have to FUCK you have to fucking pop it back into place jesus christ okay I’m done defining this.

Dismay - Right. This is when you’re like, upset or stressed about stuff. You’re filled with dismay. I’m trying to think of an example of when you’d be in dismay. Uhh, I guess if you saw someone get shot in the head? Sorry, that’s extreme. It could also be cuz you, like, failed a math test? Ah geez, now I feel bad about the getting shot thing. Sorry.

Disobey - To not obey someone. A lot of times a teen is the one disobeying. Sometimes he’s got a good reason for disobeying, but other times he’s just being a little shit. Like he’s disobeying because he feels like he’s supposed to because he’s a teen. Man, teens suck.
(**NOTE** If “dis” is before a word, it usually means the opposite of what the word is, but not always. Like “Disregard” means “to not regard” (see DISREGARD). But “Discuss” doesn’t mean “to not cuss.” You could easily discuss something and swear a fuckload.) 

Disputable - Something where you can disagree about something. So you could say it’s disputable whether or not “Die Hard” is a Christmas movie, but you could not say it’s disputable that Bruce Willis starred in “Die Hard.”

Dispute - 1) A smallish argument that’s still fucking annoying. Like once my neighbor Jim Orzo lent me his lawnmower cord. I totally returned it to him, but I guess it wasn’t properly wound up or whatever. So we had a dispute about whether that mattered. (By the way, I’m definitely right - it does not matter.) 
2) You can dispute something like a parking ticket, which means you take it up in small claims court or something. I dunno, though. I’d pay $75 any day to not have to go to small claims court, so might as well just pay the parking ticket.

Disregard - To not regard.

Dissident - It’s definitely a type of person. Or a type of toothpaste. Or it has to do with dissing someone. Maybe it’s a type of person who disses toothpaste? Wait, what the fuck’s wrong with me? I wanna start this one over. Sucks that I can’t. Wait, why can’t I?

Dissimilar - ...Not...similar…

Distressed - I think it’s the same as stressed, but “Di” is in front of the word, so maybe it means “twice as stressed.” So “tristressed” would be even worse. Oh, also there’s distressed jeans. If you’re a product, why would you call yourself distressed? That’d be like if there was something called a Fearburger. Actually, that sounds kind of good. Sounds like it has hot peppers in it or something. I think I’m gonna order a Fearburger right now. Oh wait, fuck. They don’t exist. Eh, I’ll just get a regular burger. Fuck. Wendy’s closed 40 minutes ago.

Ditch - 1) A narrow channel in the ground typically used for drunk people driving their car into. 2) Leaving school early to do something much cooler.

Divagate - I didn’t know this was a word. Not even sure how it’s pronounced. Is it pronounced like “diva gate?” Cuz if so, then maybe it’s, like, a scandal involving Mariah Carey?

Diverse - When something has a variety of interesting options. You can use it to describe people as well as things. Like, the show “Friends” isn’t very diverse cuz it’s six white people, but if Joey was a Korean guy and Phoebe was a lesbian and Monica was a disabled black man named Derrick, it’d be more diverse.  

Divisive - An issue that splits people into two sides. Cats versus dogs is a pretty divisive issue. Some people prefer cats, while others prefer dogs. Unfortunately, neither side can come together and see that they’re both fucking insane for choosing to own an indoor animal.

Dodo - This is a little fat bird that humans made go extinct a few hundred years ago. You’re supposed to feel bad about it, but I’m kinda like… did the planet really need dodos? That’s mean, but like… come on. Oh also, if you call someone a “dodo,” it means they’re an idiot. Which really adds insult to injury, right? It’s like, (1) we kill the bird then (2) make their name mean “stupid as fuck.”

Doily - A little lace cloth thing that goes on tables as a decoration (?). They don’t do anything but when I left for college, my mom gave me two of them, like, “Make sure to take some doilies!” My roommate spilled beer all over them immediately, so I threw them away.

Dollop - It’s a measurement of food that comes up when you’re cooking. I usually just order in, but years ago I was following a recipe that called for a “dollop of mayonnaise.” I didn’t own a dictionary at the time, so I just put a giant spoonful of mayo in the bowl and that felt like what a dollop is. 

Domicile - Your home. Please don’t say domicile. Please just say home.

Doorknob - The knob on a door that when you turn it, the door opens. Also, this might not be an official definition, but it’s also what you say when someone farts. And if that person didn’t say safety before you said doorknob, then you get to sort of like knock (?) on them with your fist until they touch a doorknob. This kid in my fourth grade class, Tom Hertzberg, he farted once and Kevin Moore accidentally doorknobbed him to death. Tom had a super sensitive temple, and Kevin doorknobbed him there, and Tom actually died. I can’t believe it, but in our local paper that week, the headline was actually, “Child Doorknobbed To Death.”

Doppler effect - (1) I can’t believe this is in the dictionary. (2) It’s that thing when an ambulance drives by and the pitch of its alarm gets higher the closer it gets to you - for science reasons.

Do-rag - This is a tight cloth (?) that black dudes wear on their head. I think that’s okay to say. Sorry if it’s not. I’m not trying to be offensive. I just can’t imagine a white guy wearing a do-rag and not looking stupid as fuck.

Dorsal - I think this is the fin on top of a fish’s body that sticks out of the water a little as it swims. It’s the one where you’re like, “Oh shit, it’s a shark! Run!” but then it gets closer and you’re like, “False alarm, it’s a dolphin.” You know, that classic scenario we’ve all experienced. 

Double - The hit in baseball where you end up at second base. It also means having twice as much of something. So if you have a potato, and then someone gives you another potato, you’re in a double potato situation.

Double down - When you really commit to an idea even though it’s probably bad. For example, if I’m like “It’d be cool to lick this bowling ball” and everyone’s like “Ew, why?” I would double down and be like, “IT’D BE COOL TO LICK THIS BOWLING BALL! FUCK YOU!”

Double pneumonia - I’m assuming this is like pneumonia, but twice as shitty? 


Dove - One of those white birds that means peace. Like it symbolizes peace. I think cuz it’s a beautiful white bird and shit, and so, like, that’s peaceful. Maybe doves don’t attack? Not sure. Gotta google it. Okay, just googled it. Yeah, doves can attack. So not sure why they’re supposed to mean peace. Also Dove is a bar of soap and a chocolate. Dove is lots of stuff.

Dowager - I think this is an old lady who is, like, in charge of a house? Like an old-timey castle house with ivy growing on the side of it. Or maybe dowager means an amount of money….. No wait, that’s dowry. I bet they have the same root word. “Dow.” Ooh, I bet that means money, cuz the word endowment has “dow” in it and that’s also a money thing. Okay. Nice. So maybe the old lady is at the castle cuz there’s money in the house and it’s her job to guard it? Yeah. So, we got it. A dowager is an old security guard for castle money.

Dower - I think this is what a widow gets when her husband dies. Maybe it’s a piece of land or some money? Whatever it is, someone shows up after her husband dies and is like, “Look on the bright side, Tabitha. You get a dower.”

Downhearted - A sort of annoying way to say sad.

Downtown - The part of the city that’s busy and everything is, you know, “happening.” I always think of that song “Downtown” where the lady’s like, (Singing) “Downtown, where all the lights are bright. Downtown, everything’s here at night. Downtown, go see a movie, etc.” Or maybe she called it a “picture show” cuz it was the 50s and they hadn’t yet figured out time management.

Doxology - The study of dox?

Drain - The part of the sink or shower where water goes down. I’m not quite sure where it actually goes-goes, though. It definitely passes through pipes and tubes, and those maybe lead to… the ocean? My college roommate Paul White had so much hair clogging up the drain. One time I asked him if he could start removing his hair from the drain, and he told me he was feeling depressed ever since his uncle died last year, and it’s just like, “Okayyy… but maybe… get your hair out of the drain?”

Drama - Movies and TV shows that aren’t funny. I guess plays too, but I don’t go see plays ever. They’re intentionally serious. There’s usually affairs and hospitals and murder and intrigue and murder. There’s like a shitload of intrigue.

Dreadful - A word that heavyset rich British woman use to describe something that upsets them that’s not actually that bad. Like, “Prince Philip became intoxicated at the soiree and collapsed onto the tray of eclairs? How dreadful!”

Driveway - It’s the lane (?) or spot (?) in front of houses where cars go. They usually lead to a garage, and are made of concrete or gravel. Most mailboxes sit at the end of a driveway. My friend’s mailbox was across the street from his driveway because that made more sense for the mail truck (?) but that always felt dangerous because he had to cross a busy street to get his mail. Like, ok cool, let me risk getting destroyed by a semi truck so I can retrieve some useless shit from Chase Bank. Great.

Drizzle - When something gets hit with another liquid, but barely. I’ve only heard this used in two contexts: (1) when it’s only raining a little, it’s “drizzling,” and (2) when someone “drizzles” caramel and hot fudge on a sundae. Okay I’m going to move onto the next word. I hope it’s another easy one.

Drogue - Fuck me.

Dropper - One of those eye drop tube thingies. It might also be a person who drops stuff, but you’d have to drop stuff all the fucking time to earn the title “dropper.”

Dry - Not wet, or unwet. The classic example is when you take a shower and then towel off, you go from being so wet to so dry. Man, I never really thought about how weird it is that every day I voluntarily get totally soaking wet for like ten minutes.

Duck sauce - The orange sauce they give you at Chinese restaurants. I don’t think it’s actually made of duck. It’s just a sauce you could use to moisten your duck if you wanted to. Sorry for saying “moisten your duck.” Shit, sorry, I said it again.

Durable - Something that can last for a long time even if times get tough. Like, if it rains a lot or whatever, it’d still be okay because it’s durable. I imagine one of those Carhartt jackets that some guys wear. I don’t know what those guys do for a living, but I assume it involves moving logs and driving little bulldozers around a warehouse for no reason. 

Dwarf - It’s either an acceptable or totally unacceptable way to say “little person” (which itself might be unacceptable). I wanna say it’s acceptable, but it immediately brings to mind Snow White and the Seven Dwarves (Dwarfs?), and if I had a medical condition where I was really small, I don’t think I’d want people to be thinking about Sneezy and Dopey. Also this is a bit of a tangent, but I always thought that Sneezy really drew the short end of the stick when it came to dwarf names. Like, one of the dwarvfes is Happy. He has found happiness. Another dwarf is a doctor (Doc). While Sneezy’s main identifying characteristic is that he’s sick all the time. If I were Sneezy, I’d constantly be trying to run away from myself.

Dynamite - It’s a bundle of those sticks that you light on fire when you want to blow up an airplane or a building. Super terrorist-y. Also Wile E. Coyote used ‘em like 24-7, but it never worked cuz he never caught the Roadrunner. My cousin Barn (short for Barney) claims that there was supposedly one episode -  just one - where Wile E. Coyote actually catches the Roadrunner and shoots him in the face with a handgun. It’s impossible to challenge him on that, though, cuz I’d have to sift through, like, 46 thousand episodes of that fucking cartoon.

E

Eagle - One of those large scary vulture-ish birds that looks like it’s about to claw your fucking brains out. The bald eagle is America’s bird. Does a country even need to have a bird? I never understood that. Doesn’t it kind of just make us look crazy? “Our official bird is the bald eagle.” “Okay, cool, thanks America. Moving on…”

Fucking vengeful-ass bird right here.

Earth - This planet. The one we’re on. Big, round, blue and green. Lots of water, lots of land. Fucking huge. Like so big.

East - One of the Big Four Directions on a map. If you’re looking at a map, it’s to the right. Like if you’re going from, I don’t know, let’s say, uh…. Denver to Cleveland. You’re flying east. Or driving. You might be driving.

Eatery - I think this is just a less common word for “restaurant.” No one uses it even though it makes way more sense than “restaurant.” Someone was like, “I know we could use the obvious word that perfectly describes what this establishment is all about, but I have an idea: let’s use the ridiculous French word instead,” and everyone else was like, “Okay.” (?)

Ebony - I think it just means black. I know cuz of that song “Ebony and Ivory.” That song should’ve just been called “Black and White” cuz then it would’ve had a shitty title to match how shitty the song is.

Edelweiss - Okay, I actually do know this one. Well, I don’t know what it means. But I remember it’s that song from the Sound of Music. It goes, “Edelweiss… edelweiss…” etc. It’s hard to get across how a song sounds when you’re just writing the lyrics, but imagine that it sounds slow and bad.

Edifice - A fancy word for “building.” If you’re a normal person, you’d say, “Hey, look at that weird building.” But if you’re an uppity prick, you’d say, “Hark, a most misshapen edifice! Gaze upon its abnormal facade!” and then you’d hopefully fall down an open manhole.

Efface - Hmmm. I know deface. And I know face. And I know self-effacing is something but I can never remember what it is. Alright, I know this isn’t right, but let’s just go with this: All human beings have efface on their heads.

Egregious - Something that’s really bad. For example, this dictionary. 

Egyptian - Person from Egypt. For Egypt, see a map.

Ejaculate - To cum out of your penis. It can also mean “to say something suddenly” and that comes up in books sometimes. Like, “‘I want a divorce!’ he ejaculated.” But whenever that happens, I’m like, Really? You had to use that word? You know we all instantly think of dicks and cum when we read that, right? Please stop.

Élan - Just a heads up - if a word has an accent, the chances of me knowing what it means go down by like 2000%. My best guess for élan is that it’s like an éclair, but smaller.

Eland - I’ve never seen this word in my fucking life.

Elapse - I’m like 80% sure the only thing that elapses is time. It means that time kinda goes by? Like, if a decade goes by, you’d be like “Wow, ten whole years have elapsed.” Nothing else elapses. It’s never like “This key lime pie has elapsed” or “The ambulance elapsed down the road.” 

Elbow - The bendy joint in the middle of your arm. Not much else to say about elbows.

Electroencephalogram - A long word that I do not know.

Electroencephalograph - Another long word that I do not know.

Electron tube - Fifty bucks says this is a tube with electrons in it.

Eleemosynary - Jesus Christ. Google says this means “charitable.” Give me a break. In what fucking world is someone walking around and saying “eleemosynary” instead of “charitable”? Like, “Thank you for your eleemosynary donation…” If you walk around saying that, they’ll throw you in a room with padded walls for the rest of your life.

Elementary - The easiest type of school. You learn stuff like what’s 4 + 6, how to spell “always,” what a mammal is (an animal with hair), who George Washington was. Super easy shit like that. I kind of wanna go back to elementary school just so I can dominate.

Elephant - Big gray animal. Long nose. Ivory tusks. Good memory. Floppy ears. Loves peanuts. Hates mice. What else… oh, they’re pregnant for like two years. Isn’t that crazy? I swear to God, look it up. Elephants are pregnant for like two years. I haven’t done anything for two years. I was assistant manager at a Sherwin-Williams for like a year and a half, but they fired me after I put out a tip jar. My boss was like, “You can’t ask for tips,” and I was like, “Why not? If people are willing to tip me, seems like fair game.” I made like thirty bucks before they pulled the plug.

Elizabethan - The era when Elizabeth was around. Pretty sure this refers to Queen Elizabeth, but also, weren’t there like 14 Queen Elizabeths? Man, imagine being such a big deal that a bunch of TIME was named after you.

Elk - This might be way off, but I wanna say elk are like deer but bigger? Like a moose-sized deer with big antlers? Part of me wants to say all elk are male, but that’s probably wrong and also maybe sexist. Sorry.

Elm - This is a tree, but I couldn’t tell you what’s special about it. There are a handful of trees I could point at and tell you what it is. Pine cuz they have needles, Redwoods cuz they’re enormous, etc. But as far as I know, elm trees are just normal looking? They’re like the white people of trees. Ah shit, that’s probably racist. I don’t mean white people are the only normal looking people, I just mean white people are boring/plain like elm trees. Fuck. Shit.

Elsewhere - When a place is somewhere else. So let’s say you’re at a place. Now imagine any and every place that isn’t that place. That second place(s), if you stay put in the first place while you’re thinking about the second place(s), is elsewhere.  

Elusive - When you see someone but they suddenly, like, disappear from you. It’s a pretty annoying trait. Like, just stay put. That’ll make this way easier. Two people who strike me as elusive are the Road Runner and Stevie Nicks, if that makes sense?

Embalm - Hmm. Feels super mummy-y. I think it’s when you basically prevent a corpse or a mummy from decaying. Kinda just seems like a bad use of time, tbh. Maybe go read a book instead?

Embarrassed - When you feel really bad and ashamed. Like, if you’re in public, and someone runs up behind you and pulls down your pants and underwear, exposing your small penis, and as you’re picking up your underwear you bend over and let out a fart, and you’re so embarrassed that you pee a little, so you scream but it’s really high-pitched. Dude, that’s embarrassing.

Ember - A little piece of fire that gets loose from the main fire and floats through the air. In fifth grade, I was sitting next to Jakey Nisbit at a bonfire, and I watched a tiny ember float through the air and land right in his eye. It was insane. It felt like the world was in slow-motion. Jakey freaked and cried big time. He was kind of a dweeb that everyone made fun of in school. And his sister was one of those white girls who was way too into Japanese stuff. Anyway, I looked him up recently, and turns out he manages a Macaroni Grill in Fort Worth.

Emerald - One of those green rubies. Or is it a gem? A diamond? To be fully honest with you guys, I don’t really know anything about all of those dumbass precious stones, nor do I give even a quarter of a shit about them. I give more of a crap about that TV chef Emeril. ‘Member him? He’d toss in an ingredient and go, “Bam!” Anyway, yeah, his name sounds like emerald.

Emollient - No clue, so it’s guessing time. Let’s go with highly flammable.

Emporium - I’m like 60% sure this is a big space where people sell a bunch of stuff. I think “gun emporium” is a thing, where people go to buy guns. There are commercials sometimes where you see tables covered in guns and a voice is like, “COME ON DOWN TO THE GUN EMPORIUM. WE GOT GUNS” and you see a bunch of fat people in camouflage walking around and looking at the guns. I fucking hate guns. I’d rather go to a wet shit and piss emporium.  

Empress - I guess this is a girl emperor? An emperor is an old-timey king who was in charge of, I wanna say, a pyramid? 

Emu - An ostrich but different. (?)

Enable - To make something possible for someone but in a bad way. An “enabler” is someone who enables. I always think of that show “My 600-Pound Life” when I think of enablers. That show is about 600-pound people who literally can’t move, but they always have a devoted mom or girlfriend bringing them meals and it’s like… fucking stop bringing them food??? You’re “enabling” them.

Enamel - This is the stuff in your teeth that makes them white. A bunch of toothpastes say stuff like “STRENGTHENS ENAMEL.” I think enamel can also be applied to metal? Like, “the enamel on this sword is good”? Is that a thing people say? I don’t know. It’s definitely the tooth thing, so roll with that. My dentist was this guy named Dr. Anderson and he’d always ask me how my mom was doing and it creeped me out.

Encephalitis - Itis of the encephal?

Encourage - When you encourage someone to do something. Like, you convince them they’re good enough to do the thing. Let’s say your cousin is like, “I can never be a bullfighter or a stenographer.” You could encourage them by being like, “Yes you can. You’re so good at fighting bulls and typing words fast. I believe in you.”

Endive - I feel like it’s somewhere between lettuce and… chives? Is it a spice-cabbage? Sorry. Sorry about this. Sorry.

Enema - I think it’s when they stick a tube up your ass and squeeze liquid in there. I forget why this is a thing, but I’m guessing it’s not good, since usually stuff’s supposed to be leaving your ass, not going in.

Enervate - Hmmm. I think it means to energize. Wait, never mind. Just looked it up. It’s the opposite of that. They really cockteased me with that word starting with “ener.”

English - It’s a language. More specifically, this one.

Enormous - Fucking huge.

Enthrone - To put on a throne. So if you enthroned a dog, you’d be making a dog the king. Wait, that actually sounds like a pretty good Disney movie. “King Dog.” I should make that. Oh wait, I have to do this dictionary shit.

Enthusiasm - To be over-the-top excited about something. Like if someone says “I’m pregnant,” an enthusiastic person would be like, “Oh my God! That is so great! You’re great! I love you and I’m so excited for this next step in your journey! You’re going to crush it! YAY!!!!” Meanwhile, an unenthusiastic person like me would be like, “Congrats. But I guess this means we’re not really gonna hang out anymore, huh?”

Entreé - The main course of a meal. Steak, chicken, shit like that. I’m not telling you anything you don’t know. 

Épée - Never heard of it, but pretty crazy that a word can be made up of mostly E’s and accent marks. I wonder how it’s pronounced. Ay-pay-ay-ee?

Epilogue - The part of the movie at the very end where it tells you what all the characters went on to do. It’s always pretty fun to read, cuz you’re like, “Damn, I didn’t know that Rosa Parks went on to release a disco album!”

Epoxy Resin - NOOOOOOOOOPE.

Equestrian - Someone who loves horses to the point where you’re like, “Dude, chill.” They’re constantly brushing horses and riding around on them in little white helmets. I don’t get horse people. Horses scare me. They could just, like, kick you in the leg or chomp on your arm, but these rich equestrian trust fund babies are like, “I’mma own seven of ‘em and feed ‘em carrots and shit.” It’s creepy. Let horses run around and stop acting like you’re better than everyone.

Equinox - Okay. Right. So, this is a space thing that happens two or maybe four times a year and it means something big is happening in space. Like, things are changing and the stars are different and the Sun rotated in a cool way so you should pay attention. I know the vernal equinox happens in the spring and the autumnal equinox happens in the fall. It’s also a watch for douchebags.

Ersatz - This word has come up maybe four times in my life and every time I’m like “What does that mean?” I wanna say it’s a type of rock?

Escalator - Stairs that move on their own. They break constantly. I feel like half the escalators I’ve come across have been out of order. Who’s in charge of escalators? Get it together, idiot.

Eskimo - Okay, this is 1000% gonna come out wrong, but… an Ice Indian.

Espionage - A more French-sounding way to say “spying.”

Espresso - Extremely concentrated coffee served in a tiny mug or a shot glass. It’s essentially legal cocaine.

Esteem - The amount of respect someone has and/or deserves to have. People like Abraham Lincoln and Tom Hanks have a lot of esteem. But to be honest people only really say esteem when they say “self-esteem.” “Self-esteem” is when you’re confident and you respect yourself. So yeah, no one’s walking around saying “esteem” without “self-” on the front. No one’s like, “Hey Gary, how’ve you been? Meet anyone with esteem lately?” Man, the more I define shit, the more I realize that humans only use like 100 words max in real life and 99.9% of these words are just random garbage we read in an old book once. 

Ethylene - Feels like one of those colorless, odorless gases that you don’t want to leave running in your house. Yeah. Don’t inhale ethylene, kids. 

Euphemism - This is when you say something without really saying it because the original thing is weird or offensive. Like, instead of saying “I love masturbating,” you could say, “I wanna choke the chicken.” (In this example, the chicken is your dick and balls.)

Euphoria - When everything’s perfect and beautiful. Like, it’s a warm summer day and the sun’s just starting to go down but it’s shining beams of light all over and you feel warm and everything feels right in the world. I’ve never really had this feeling. I once bowled a 174, which was kinda close.

Eventually - Something that’s going to happen in the future. I’d like to say that eventually I’ll be done with writing definitions, but I’ve been doing this for six years and I’m still just at fucking E.

Everyday - Okay, so this doesn’t mean, like “each day.” That’s “every day.” See - with the space bar between every and day? Everyday means, like, regular. Like if someone said, “He’s just your everyday plumber,” they’d probably be describing a 6-foot-1, 258-pound 45-year-old man with thinning hair and breath that smells like a plumber who’s had coffee.

Exacerbate - To make something worse. Like, a good way to exacerbate a fire is to pour a bunch of gas on it. There should be a movie about a fireman who secretly shoots gas at fires instead of water. And all the other firemen in his squad are like, “Why the fuck won’t this fire go out?” And he’s like, “Yeah, seriously. The fuck’s wrong with this fire?” Plus there’d be some sex scenes.

Exceed - When you go way further with something than you need to. Like if you’re a 3rd grader at lunch, and you pull out eight PB&J sandwiches, you’ve definitely exceeded expectations for how many sandwiches you had in that bag.

Excrement - Your shit. I don’t mean shit as in your stuff. I mean shit, like, turd shit.

Executor - I can feel myself being wrong on this, but I’m pretty sure it’s the dude who pulls that giant lever when someone’s getting the electric chair. Imagine if that was your job. “Hi honey! How was work?” “Completely and undeniably terrible.”

Exhibitionist - Someone who likes being naked in front of people because it gives them a rush. Meanwhile everyone else gets a rush by walking away from that person.

Exorcise - It sounds like “exercise,” but instead of jogging and lifting weights, it’s when a priest drives demons out of your soul. There’s that movie “The Exorcist.” I’ve never seen it, but I assume there’s a lot of exorcise in it.

Existence - This. Wait, I don’t mean the word “this.” Existence is not the same thing as the word “this.” It’s life, basically. Maybe I should just delete this entry, rewrite it and just say, “Life.” Eh, nah.

Expedite - To make a process go faster. I wish there was a way to expedite me writing this goddamn dictionary but apparently there’s like 50,000 of these fuckers.

Expert - Someone who knows A LOT about one weird topic. So if you’re a toothpick expert, you probably know all the different types of toothpicks, and when toothpicks were invented, and how many people a year die from accidentally swallowing a toothpick, and when the “golden age of toothpicks” was, and famous people in history who used toothpicks. You might even have a podcast all about toothpicks, where you interview other toothpick experts and talk about all things toothpick, but maybe sometimes you go off on a tangent about politics or something.

Exponent - That thing in math where there’s a tiny number above the big main number. So if you saw 43, that would mean 4 to the 3rd power, which means 4 times 4 times 4, which is 64. I’m really bothered by the fact that I’m also teaching math right now.

Extraneous - This means “extra.” You can just say “extra.”

Extravagant - Like, WAY over the top. To the point where you’re like, “That’s too much.” You’re like, “I don’t wanna do anything big for my birthday,” but then your friends throw you an enormous surprise party. They invite every person you’ve ever met, hire a big-wig DJ, and buy you a yacht called the SS Birthday Boy. There are like Cirque du Soleil people flipping around and an ice sculpture of you in the middle of the room and you’re just like, “Jesus Christ, how much did this cost?”

Extremely low frequency - Oh, so we’re defining full-ass sentences now? This is ridiculous. This is three words. If you wanna know what they mean when they’re combined, look up the definitions of the three individual words. What dictionary committee decided this bullshit deserved its own definition? Give me a break. I’m so tired of defining useless garbage. I just want to sit on a beach and drink a mai tai.


Exurbanite - When someone used to live in a city (“urban”), but now they don’t (“ex”). It’s kind of like “ex”-girlfriend. She “used” to be your “girlfriend,” but now she’s your “ex” because she hooked up with your “ex”-best friend Trevor. 

Eyelash - The small hairs that stick out of our eyes. Damn, I’ve never really thought about that. We have like thirty hairs poking out of our eyes at all times. And sometimes it’s... attractive?? What the hell?

Eye shadow - This is makeup you put on your upper eyelid to make it look darker/sexier. I don’t know why it makes you look sexier, but it does. It doesn’t really make sense if you think about it for too long. You basically just make the top of your eye blue and it’s... hot? Man, life is so weird.

Eyesight - A way to say “sight” that takes .02 seconds longer.

F

Facedown - Ass up, that’s the way we like to fuck.

Facsimile - It’s a longer way of saying “fax machine,” which is that machine you use if you want to send a fax, which you don’t because it’s no longer 1998. But yeah, let’s see if I can remember how these things worked. It’s kind of like a copy machine but with a phone and with a hint of Internet? You’d put your paper face up (or face down?), then dial the number you wanna send it to, then the paper would slide in, and all the info on the page would then get sent to whoever received it. That whole process kind of baffles me, even though we’ve had the Internet for a long-ass time.

Fag - This is a super offensive gay slur in the US but in the UK it just means “cigarette.” Isn’t that crazy? It’d be like if “cunt” meant “soda.” I feel bad just writing this. I’m going to move on. 

Faggot - Ah, crap. OK, so this is a similar situation to the previous definition. In the US it’s a super offensive gay slur but in the UK it just means “a bundle of sticks.” I don’t know why British people are dealing with bundles of sticks often enough to need a special word for it, but here we are. I really wanna move on.

Faggoting - For fuck’s sake. I don’t even know what this is, but I’d suggest never using it for any reason, even if you’re a British person dealing with a bunch of fucking sticks.

Failure - When something is supposed to happen but then it doesn’t happen. I’m trying to think of an example. Okay, like if it’s supposed to rain tomorrow but then it ends up being sunny. I guess that’d be a rain failure. That’s a pretty bad example. I can’t ever imagine a weatherman saying, “Tomorrow it’s supposed to rain, but hopefully we’ll see a rain failure.” Actually, a good example of a failure is me trying to define the word Failure.

Faithless - Not having faith. Like, on a faith test, you’d get an F. For faithless.

Fajita - This is that thing at restaurants that comes in a heavy-duty bowl and it’s still steaming as the waiter carries it through the room. Everyone stops what they’re doing to be like, “Holy shit, look, someone ordered fajitas.” It’s like piping hot chicken and peppers, I think. I never order fajitas, cuz I don’t want the attention.

Falcon - An intense bird, kinda like a hawk. I don’t know the difference between them. I think falcons might be browner? Or maybe a little stripe-ier? On the bird scale, they’re kinda eagle-level intense and they swoop down and eat stuff probably. I think they’re the bird that experts train to land on their arms. A few times in your life you’ll look up in the sky and see an impressive looking bird flying around and you’re like, “Whoa, that’s kinda cool” and that’s all you need to know about most birds. Trust me.

Fandango - I don’t know what this is. I know it used to be a way you could buy movie tickets, which always confused me, cuz like, why not just buy the movie tickets from the movie theater? Oh wait, there’s also that part of the song “Bohemian Rhapsody” where they’re like, “Can you do the fandango?” So maybe it’s like a dance? Or a flamingo?

Farther - This one always fucks me up. I know there’s the whole “farther vs. further” thing and I’ve never really nailed it down. I’m pretty sure “farther” is for physical distances like, “This is farther away than that,” and further is for figurative stuff like, “You couldn’t be further from the truth.” So, yeah. Farther is, like, when stuff is far away.

Faucet - The part of the sink where water comes from. You see it in bathrooms and kitchens, like, all the time. Bob Fosse = Bob Faucet. David Foster Wallace = David Faucet Wallace.

Feather - Birds have like 600 of these. It’s basically their skin or fur, but it’s neither. Also it’s what birds use to fly. I dunno, it’s weird as hell the more I think about it. Kinda creeps me out.

Felony - A crime, but like, scarier sounding. A felony’s pretty serious. If you’re gonna commit a crime, make it a crime, not a felony.

Fencing - The sport (?) where two people who are dressed like Daft Punk have, like, a flimsy sword and try to poke each other? I have no idea how or why this became an activity. Let alone where in the fuck anyone goes to buy fencing gear.

Fester - When a wound, like, oozes puss and stuff. Like maybe your finger’s been cut open and it’s bloody and the blood’s sort of, like, boiling? It’s fucking hideous. I made the mistake of Google image searching this, and now my brain’s festering. Oh yeah, also Uncle Fester was the uncle from the Addams Family. It’s funny - as a kid, I didn’t know that Fester had a double meaning, so I thought he just had a sort of unusual name. Like if you had an Uncle Osvaldo.

Fetus - It’s like a baby version of a baby. They kind of gross me out to be honest. It’s like if a sperm, a baby, and an alien had a threesome. Plus it’s called fetus, which sounds like penis. It’s so weird that I was once a fetus with a penis.

Figurehead - Someone who’s the president of a country without having to do shit. You just basically sit there and look like a president and act like a president. It almost seems like the best job but it’s a hard job to get on account of you gotta get elected president of a country. Maybe start small like Barbados, and work your way up to Italy.

Finder - That weird split-faced smiley face thing with the Jewish nose in the lower left corner of your computer screen. If you click it, it helps you find stuff on your computer. Finder. 

Finesse - Doing something in a really cool, smooth way, where people don’t even, like, totally notice that you’re doing it. I don’t know, honestly this word mainly makes me think of Finesse Mitchell, this comedian who was on SNL for three years and never quite “clicked.”

Finger bowl - A “finger” “bowl”? I mean, it’s probably a bowl you put your fingers in? Who’s putting their fingers in bowls? That isn’t a thing. There must be some sort of “finger bowl” lobby paying to keep this phrase in the dictionary, cuz this bullshit truly does not deserve to be included. It honestly sounds like a football championship for the world’s two worst teams.

Fingering - LOL. Okay. I mean, I think this just refers to touching stuff with your fingers in general. You can finger your belly button or piano keys or whatever but like 95% of the time if someone says “fingering” they’re talking about fingering a vagina. Also see “fingerbanging” or “fingerblasting.” Just kidding, those words aren’t in here. Can you imagine?

Finn - A person from Finland. Man, I hope the next definition is as easy as this one.

Finnan haddie - Well fuck me, I guess.

Fireball - A ball of fire, I guess. Oh, there’s also a popular cinnamon whiskey called Fireball. It’s the perfect drink for people who want to wake up feeling like shit.

Firebug - People say “firefly” and “lightning bug,” but no one says “firebug.” This isn’t a thing. Ignore this. 

Fishbowl - A clear bowl either where fish live or where you draw raffle tickets from.

Fishnet - A net for catching fish, but also “fishnets” are those things women sometimes wear on their legs. They’re thin interconnected black lines that kinda look like a net stretched out, I guess. They’re kinda sexy. I don’t know why. Maybe because sexy women tend to wear them? Like, no one’s rolling up to a dinner party in fishnets. Your aunt isn’t rocking fishnets at Thanksgiving dinner. It’s always, like, a sexy maid named Gretel holding a duster and begging you to fuck her with a hot baby voice.

Fishy - A really lazy way to describe a fish.

Fjord - This has something to do with water. I don’t know why it has to be such a ridiculous European word, but here we fucking are.

Flagellum - I, like, 1% remember this from science class. I feel like it’s a hair? That looks like a sperm? But it’s inside of you? And it, like, wiggles?

Flagrante delicto - No clue. Sounds like the name of someone on a Spanish soap opera.

Flair - To do something but with a little extra style or, like... pizzazz?? Like instead of just kicking, you’d kick and then like lightly fling your hands and do a little bounce step…. or something. I don’t know what the fuck I’m talking about.

Flapper - A woman in the 1920s with a short haircut who wore frilly dresses and danced at jazz clubs. I think all the women in “The Great Gatsby” were flappers. I had to read that book in high school. Our teacher was like, “The pink curtains in this scene represent the end of innocence” and everyone in the class was like, “For fuck’s sake, Mr. Turley. The curtains are just pink because they’re pink.”

Flash card - A notecard that you use to help you study. Like if you wanted to know what “flash card” meant, one side of the card would say “Flash card” and the other side would say “A notecard that you use to help you study. Like if you wanted to know what “flash card” meant, one side of the card would say “Flash card” and the other side would say “A notecard that you use to help you study. Like if you wanted to know what “flash card” meant, one side of the card would say “Flash card” and the other side would say “A notecard that you use to help you study. Like if you wanted to know what “flash card” meant, one side of the card would say “Flash card” and the other side would say “A notecard that you use to help you study. Like if you wanted to know what “flash card” meant, one side of the card would say “Flash card” and the other side would say “A notecard that you use to help you study. Like if you wanted to know what “flash card” meant, one side of the card would say “Flash card” and the other side would say “A notecard that you use to help you study. Like if you wanted to know what “flash card” meant, one side of the card would say “Flash card” and the other side would say “A notecard that you use to help you study. Like if you wanted to know what “flash card” meant, one side of the card would say “Flash card” and the other side would say “A notecard that you use to help you study. Like if you wanted to know what “flash card” meant, one side of the card would say “Flash card” and the other side would say “A notecard that you use to help you study. Like if you wanted to know what “flash card” meant, 

Flautist - Someone who plays the flute. I’ve always wondered why we don’t just call them “flutist.” Whatever.

Flight - When something is flying. So it can be a plane. Like if you have a 12:30 plane ride to Denver and it’s 11:45 and you’re not even at the airport, you might be like, “I better hurry or else I’ll miss my flight.” Or it can be a bird. So you might see a bird and be like, “Wow, look at that bird’s flight.” Well, on second thought, that might make you sound stupid. Maybe just say, “Wow, look at that bird.” Actually, that kind of makes you sound stupid too. How ‘bout just don’t say stuff about birds?

Float - Three things here. 1) When something is put in water and instead of sinking it sort of, like, hangs out on top. I forget how or why this works, but needless to say it’s really fucking insane that gigantic ships don’t all just sink immediately. 2) A drink that you get by combining soda and ice cream. I’d say I order a float once per decade on average. 3) In a parade, it’s that platform stage thing that moves, like, negative 10 miles per hour. They’re usually covered in flowers and ribbons and ballons and dumb Papier-mâché kinda shit, and I’d say they’re the number one reason people hate parades.

Flotsam - Shit. I feel like I know this. I know I’ve heard the phrase “flotsam and jetsam” before. But hmmmm fuck. Yeah, I don’t know. Sorry. Okay, this is sort of a hail mary guess, but are Flotsam and Jetsam those two characters from Looney Tunes?

Ah fuck, never mind. Just looked it up. It’s Foghorn Leghorn and Yosemite Sam. Fuck me.

Flu - (Don’t see “influenza” - just call it the Flu) It’s when you’re sick. Like, realllly sick. I’m talking fever, barfing, chills, more barfing, headache, additional barfing. Michael Jordan once scored 38 points with the flu, which makes me think he was just faking. When I have the flu, even watching The Price Is Right is too much. This might just be me being paranoid, but I feel like Michael Jordan met with an acting coach every day for six months who taught him how to make it seem like you have the flu. Again, I’m sure I’m wrong, but I bet I’m right.

Flux - When something’s in the middle of not going great. My friend Jason who used to manage a True Value - when his marriage was in flux, he and his wife were getting into fights every night, and the fights were so bad that she actually made him sleep in the garage. Super fucked up. Weird twist, though. He’d get in his ‘04 Civic and sleep in the back, and he actually ended up liking it so much that he just kept doing it for years and years. He said that sleeping in the garage allowed for extra darkness. Oddly enough, that ended up being the thing that saved his marriage. Only downside was that every time I got into his Civic, it smelled way too hard like Jason.

Flying Boat - What? This is a thing? This feels like they let a kid choose which words are in the dictionary. A boat that flies, I guess? Fuck flying boat.

Fog - The smoky-looking stuff that sits in the air sometimes. It’s dangerous to drive in fog because it’s hard to see through it. Your brain can also be in a “fog,” which is a figurative way to say it’s hard to see your thoughts clearly. Wow, that’s kind of a beautiful analogy. Damn. The English language is amazing.


Foghorn - Big loud horn.

Foist - I’ve been staring at this word for five minutes, and I truly have no clue what it means. It feels like I SHOULD know it though cuz it’s so simple. “Foist.” I just keep thinking of “hoist,” which means like, “push something up” and “moist,” which means like, “damp and gross.” But that’s so unhelpful, I know. So look, I’m sorry. I have to give up and move on.

Folio - This must be how cool kids say “portfolio.” It’s like when people say “def” instead of “definitely” or “ScarJo” instead of “Scarlett Johannsen.” A portfolio is a collection of your art (?) or past work (?) to prove you’re good at stuff. But if you really want to impress someone, call it a “folio,” I guess.

Folksinger - I’m kind of pissed that this is a word. Okay first of all, moron, it’s a person who sings folk music. Now that that’s out of the way, there’s no other genre of music that gets to add “singer” to the end of their genre word and act like it’s a word. “Rocksinger.” “R&Bsinger.” “Rapsinger.” If you were at a dinner party and someone was like, “So what do you do?” And you were like, “I’m a rapsinger,” that person would be wrong not to fork-stab your forehead.

Footage - Video footage. Footage is either really exciting or really boring. Like sometimes you’ll see footage of a guy robbing a liquor store, but other times you’ll see footage of highway traffic or a cow eating some grass. Footage.

Footnote - It’s that thing where you see an asterisk after a sentence and then you have to look down at the bottom of the page to see some other info that could have just as easily been mentioned right after the sentence.* At least it’s better than an endnote, where you have to go all the way to the end of the goddamn book to see what that extra thing is. I’ll take a footnote over an endnote, and I’ll take no note over either note any day.

(We’d have a footnote at the bottom of this page that says, “See? Isn’t this annoying?”)

Footstool - A little stool that’s like 6 inches off the ground. You usually use it to, like, get the syrup from the top shelf or something. Personally, I prefer to save time, so instead of getting the footstool, I just jump up and try to grab the thing. I’ve only sprained my ankle about four or five times, so it’s usually worth it.

Force - To make someone do something. Hopefully it’s chores and not sex. Shit. This definition just got awkward. Let me think of something else to talk about. Maybe…..forced butt sex? Fuck. Let’s just move on to Forceps.

Forceps - They’re like tweezers, but instead of plucking eyebrow hairs, you’re like, retrieving a baby from a womb.

Foretell - What a fortune teller does when they tell you what your future will be like. (Get it? Fore-tell? FORtune TELLer?) A lot of times they have a big crystal ball in front of them, which, if you ask me, kind of discredits anything they might say about your future. A fortune teller’s whole “deal” just doesn’t seem trustworthy to me. The robes, the hats, the weird lighting. I don’t know, maybe I’m racist against fortune tellers. But also, I just kind of think they’re full of crap? I once went to a fortune teller in my junior year at Weber State, and she told me that the next year I was going to pick up lacrosse as a hobby. And not only did I pick up badminton instead, but our college didn’t have a lacrosse team, let alone lacrosse equipment you could buy or rent. Sorry, this definition brought back an annoying memory.

Fork - That four-pronged metal thing that you stab your food with to eat it. I was about to say that it’s commonly seen with a knife and a spoon, but you know what the fuck a fork is.

Forthcoming - When someone is really open about what really happened. Like, if you’re out past curfew and your parents are like, “Why were you out so late?!” a forthcoming person would be like, “I was drinking alcohol with my friends,” but a not-forthcoming person would be like, “I was drinking Capri Sun with some nuns.”


Forty - Fuck. How do I…? Okay, imagine I’m holding up all ten of my fingers. Now imagine I do that four times in a row. That’s forty. Fuck you, don’t buy a dictionary so you can look up forty.

Forty-five - Wait, this made it to the dictionary?? How?!? At a certain point, you gotta just buy like a math dictionary or something, dude. But okay… let’s see… this means, like, forty, but then add five to that. I’m so pissed right now. I gotta take a shit.

Fossil fuel - Oh, this is a big deal. I should know this. Okay, so - I wanna say these are natural substances (?) found in the ground. They’re made of dirt and old bones, and we burn them to turn them into fuel for our cars and planes, etc. But everyone hates them because when you burn them, it hurts the planet - for science reasons. I’m really going out on a limb when I say this, but I think coal is a fossil fuel. But to me, it’s like, okay - if it’s hurting the planet, let’s stop. Let’s burn up some grass or whatever and use that instead? But also I’m a giant dumbass who doesn’t understand anything, so hopefully some scientists are actually figuring it out.

Foucault pendulum - Jesus Christ. I mean, this is probably just a normal pendulum, right? And Foucault is some rich French guy who invented it back in the day? If you don’t know what a pendulum is, (1) who the fuck are you, and (2) just look up the word “pendulum” instead.

Foul - When something smells bad or when you hit the baseball out of bounds. It can also mean bird, especially if the bird is the kind we eat. Wait, I just looked it up and the bird one is actually spelled “fowl.” So I guess, uh... see also: fowl.

Foulmouthed - When someone curses a lot and says dirty things. Instead of being like, “I love you with all of my heart, Rebecca,” a foulmouthed person would say something like, “I fucking fuck you with all of my shit, fuckface.”

Founder - The person who starts a company or school or anything, really. A lot of founders name what they founded after themselves. Like Disney was founded by Walt Disney, Beats by Dre was founded by Dr. Dre and Dick’s was founded by some dick named Dick.

Foursome - I mean, I’m just imagining four people banging, but I guess this can be any time four people do anything together, like the Beatles or the Golden Girls.

Fowl - Birds we eat.

Fox - This is a reddish-orange mammal that shows up in people’s backyards sometimes. They’re kind of like small, anti-social dogs? Does that make sense? People say foxes are “cunning,” which is a fancy word that means “they’re cool, but also kind of an asshole.” Like, foxes are great at sneaking into a chicken coop and eating the chickens, but for some reason, you kind of respect them for it? I did a bad job with this definition.

Fracture - This falls somewhere between “twist” and “break” on the how-hurt-is-your-bone scale. For example, if you “twist” your ankle, it sucks but you’ll be ok in a week or two. If you straight-up “break” your ankle, you’re fucked and might never play again. If you “fracture” your ankle, you might have to sit out the rest of the season but there’s a chance you’ll be ok next year. I think. I don’t really know. I broke my thumb once and read a pamphlet about this stuff, but that was like twenty years ago and I was on a lot of painkillers.


Frame - A couple ones for this. One is like a picture frame. Like the wooden frame that goes around a painting. Honestly, I’m not sure why you can’t just have the painting without the frame, but I guess the frame, like, “frames it up”? If that makes sense? Also for frame, you can frame someone for murder which means that they didn’t actually murder anyone, but you’re making it look like they did. Like if I wanted to frame my friend Trevor for murder, maybe I’d cut off some of Trevor’s hair and steal his pants and some of his blood. Then I’d go murder someone and sprinkle a little of Trevor’s hair and blood, and also his pants, around the body. So then when the cops get there, they’ll be like, “Okay, Trevor definitely murdered this old lady.”

Frantic - When you’re super stressed and nervous about something so you’re running around like, “AHHHH! GAHHH!” and worrying about it. Like, imagine your finger got chopped off in a blender. You’d be all, “FUCK! AH! MY FINGER!” and you’d hurry up and call 9-1-1 or whatever and be all frantic about it.

Fraught - When something has… stress… and it’s like… stressed about it? Or when something is like… full of something? I feel like I have a pretty good grasp on this word, but it’s hard to explain. It’s like… when there’s a lot of something attached to something but that thing is bad. Like you could say this dictionary is “fraught” with shitty definitions. 

Frazzle - When you’re so exhausted you can’t even function. Your brain is totally fried and you’re frazzled. The word frazzle kinda sounds like what being frazzled feels like, if that makes sense. It might not make sense. Full disclosure, I ate half a weed gummy like forty-five minutes ago and I’m starting to feel it.

Freckle - A small brown spot on your skin. Some people have a bunch, some people don’t have any. I have a few, including a small one at the base of my penis. Freckles are harmless, but if they upgrade to mole statue, you should see a dermatologist cuz they could be cancerous. I don’t understand why we’re born with small brown dots that might kill us later in life, but I guess God works in mysterious ways. Just kidding, God doesn’t exist.

French horn - This is that instrument that’s famous because you have to stick your fist into it. It’s like a rounder trumpet with a big mouth and something about your hand being inside of it makes it sound better, I guess? I had a teacher in eighth grade named Mr. Ball who played French horn in the local orchestra and I remember thinking, “Wow, I didn’t know teachers could do other stuff. That’s sick.” 

Frequent - When something happens a lot. Like, surgeons frequently perform surgery. Fishermen frequently fish. Mark Zuckerberg frequently owns Facebook. That last one is a bad example.

Frieze - What? This is something?

Frigid - When it’s REALLY cold. And you’re, like, on a tundra. It’s, like, see-your-own-breath cold. It’s also a really good word to use before you call someone a “bitch.” Try it out.

Frippery - “Frippery”? Is it a place where they sell… frip? Kinda like a fishery sells fish? Or is it, like, a G-rated way to say “fuckery”? Frippery… frippery… huh. It kinda sounds like someone trying to say “slippery” after getting shot with a tranquilizer dart. Wow, I really shit the bed on this definition. Sorry.

Frolic - To skip around because you’re so happy. I think most frolicking takes place in flowers? Like, you and your friends are so excited to be alive and healthy, you run through a field of flowers and “frolic” about. I don’t think I’ve ever frolicked in my life. Is that sad? Am I a sad person?

Frustration - The feeling of being really fucking annoyed by something. Wanna guess what frustrates me? I’ll give you a hint - the first words are “writing this” and the last word rhymes with “zictionary.”

Fuchsia - A reddish purple color, I guess. What’s the point of describing a color if you can’t see it? If you want to know what colors are, go to Home Depot and look at the paint samples. Stop wasting my time.

Fuddle - I don’t know what fuddle is. Maybe it means to, like, mess things up? It sounds like muddle, so let’s go with that. Who cares. I’m distracted by the fact that “fuck” isn’t in the dictionary. Look at the word above this one. It’s “fuchsia.” Now look at this word. It’s “fuddle.” “Fuck” would go right between those two words, right? Where the fuck is fuck? Are you serious? “Flagellum” is in here, but “fuck” didn’t make the cut? I’ve said “fuck” 8 million times more than I’ve said “flagellum.” Oh, is it cuz fuck is a “bad” word. Aww, is the wittle baby afwaid to say a bad word? Grow up.

Fundamental - The stuff that’s like the most main, basic stuff of something. Like sometimes you hear about a basketball player having good “fundamentals.” This means he’s good at holding the ball, dribbling the ball, shooting the ball, stuff like that. If a basketball player shoots the ball by punting it with his foot and trying to hit the ref in the face, he needs to brush up on the fundamentals.

Fur - The hair of hairy animals, like a bear or a rabbit. People turn fur into fur coats, and you see a lady wearing one and you’re like, “Fuck that lady. Fur is murder.” And then you go into TGI Fridays and order a furburger.

Furthermore - How lawyers say “also."

Futon - A cheap couch that college kids buy for their dorm. They fold down into a bed, but I’ve never sat or slept on a futon that isn’t at least a little bit broken. They always have a weird stain somewhere and one of the legs is fucked up. When you stay at a friend’s house, they’ll be like “You can crash on my futon” which is code for “You can be uncomfortable for eight hours and wake up feeling like you got hit by a fucking bulldozer.”


G

Gaffe - When a politician says something really fucking stupid that they wish they could take back. Like if you’re giving a speech and you’re like, “Healthcare should be a right for every American in this country, even gay people.”

Gait - This is the way someone walks. If someone walks fast, you could say they have a fast “gait.” I used to know this kid in high school named Cortney Swash, and it was already bad enough he was named “Cortney,” but he also had the weirdest gait of anyone I know. Everyone called him “Tippy Toes” because he’d, like, go up on his toes with every step? It’s hard to describe, but he was straight up bullied about it. He played the sousaphone in marching band, but he was too small and weak to hold it up, so he had to just kinda stand next to the sousaphone and lean over to blow into it. 

Gal - An old timey way of saying “girl.” I also feel like youngish coolish people say it to kind of seem coolish? Like, “What’s new, Everett?” “Actually I just started going out with this gal Heather. Super recent, but yeah, she’s a cool gal.” “Great. Please don’t say gal, Everett.”

Gallant - A handsome polite man who rides a horse? I’m pretty sure a horse needs to be involved.

Gallantry - The practice of being a handsome polite man who rides a horse?

Gamma - A cute thing a baby might call its grandma. 

Gangrene - AAAHHHHHHH I REMEMBERED IT WAS SOME SORT OF SKIN PROBLEM BUT I FORGOT WHAT IT WAS SO I GOOGLE IMAGE SEARCHED IT AND IMMEDIATELY THREW UP INTO MY HOUSE PLANT FUCK FUCK FUCK DON’T LOOK IT UP JUST PRETEND IT DOESN’T EXIST!

Gaol - I went down an Internet hole to figure out what this is and you’re not going to believe me, but this word just means “jail.” It’s even pronounced like “jail.” It’s just a weird British version of the word. That’d be like if the word “hegdh” was pronounced “sausage.” I hate this language.

Gargantuan - When something is fucking HUGE. Like King Kong level big. 

Garnish - The little leaf they put on top of food sometimes. No clue why they do it. Is it edible? No, right? Who decided it was cool to make people pick a leaf off their food before they eat it? Fuck outta here.

Gate - Basically a fence but like, more intimidating? A lot of rich people have those giant gates in front of their mansions that open up really slowly when your car pulls up. I get why they don’t swing open super fast, but it feels like they’re going extra-slow just to prove that a rich person lives there. The summer after my freshman year at Hofstra, I was a Chinese food delivery guy. Once I pulled up to some rich dude’s gate, and pushed the intercom button and was like, “Chinese food delivery.” He let me in and actually invited me inside. We sat down at a super long table and he ate like half an egg roll and nothing else. He was in his bathrobe and his second wife had just left him a few days earlier. I guess he needed someone to talk to. He wasn’t even hungry. I felt like I did a pretty good job of listening to him, but he only gave me a three-dollar tip on an $18 meal, which isn’t terrible, but it’s like, dude, come on. Maybe this sorta shit is why she left you?

Gaucho - I don’t actually know what this means, but I do know that it’s a Steely Dan album. How do I know that? Because yes, I am a Dan Fan. I’m a fan of the Dan. I used to think it was super-lame to like Steely Dan, but now I think it’s lame to hate on them. If you’re gonna hate on something, hate on how goddamn long it’s taking me to write this piece of shit dictionary. (BTW, “Glamour Profession” and “Babylon Sisters” are two indisputably great songs.)

Gauze - That thin cotton roll (?) that you wrap around wounds. Feels super First Aid Kit-y. Once I was making weed butter but I didn’t have cheesecloth so I just used gauze. It worked, but just barely, and I definitely inhaled some gauze.

Gazebo - A little outdoor platform with a roof. This thing has no business having such a fun name. “Gazebo” sounds like a kooky clown’s name or something you yell during a dice game. But nope, it’s just a wooden structure where people stand or put on a little show. I mean, look at the picture. It shouldn’t be called “gazebo.” It should be called something boring like “woodplace” or “roofspot.” 

Why the fuck is this called gazebo?

Gemstone - A stone that’s a gem?

Gender - Ten years ago, I would’ve said that this is when you’re either a man or a woman. Now, though, I don’t wanna get in trouble, so I’ll just ask that you look at the definition right above this one. I think it’s for “gemstone.”

Generation - A ton of people being born within the span of, I dunno, like 20 or 30 years? So yeah, a few examples of generations are Millennials, Generation X, Generation Y, and the Greatest Generation. I can’t believe one of the generations actually gets to be called the Greatest Generation. How much do you wanna bet someone who was born during the Greatest Generation was the one who came up with the name for it? My grandpa Irving was part of the Greatest Generation, but he wasn’t great. Oh, unless you consider sending me $5 checks and hating Asian people to be great. If you do, then Irving kicked ass.

Genesis - 1) The first book of The Bible. 2) The very beginning of something. 3) It’s also a band. It’d be fun to learn the genesis of the band Genesis. Actually never mind. I just looked it up, and they all just met in school.

Genocide - The mass killing of a ton of people because they belong to a specific group. Jews in the Holocaust is a great example. Well, not great. I mean, like, not great that it happened. Just that as far as an example can be accurate to the definition, it’s pretty solid. Before I move on to defining genome, I just want to make it clear that I am very unhappy that The Holocaust happened.

Genome - Again, I just want to clarify that I do not, and never have, supported The Holocaust. It was a terrible event (event?) in our world’s history, and anyone who likes or loves it will never be friends with me. There was this kid in school named Joey Jenkins (who was also a big-time pyromaniac) who claimed that The Holocaust was a myth, and I was NOT friends with that dude. I don’t even think he got into college, for what that’s worth. So yeah, anyway, I hate The Holocaust. Also I don’t know what genome means.

Genuflect - ? Seems like something.

Geode - This is a rock that’s filled with cool crystals when you crack it open. They sell them are random stores sometimes and you’re like… who’s buying these? They look super cool, but I can’t imagine lugging a 20-pound rock home. Cuz then where are you putting it? On your coffee table? What’s the point? To be like, “Look at this pretty rock I bought. Aren’t you intrigued and jealous of my pretty rock?” And then you’d have to haul it around every time you move to a new place. Do you give it to your kids when you die? Is this heavy ass rock being passed from generation to generation? Also, how much does a geode cost? You could tell me it’s 10 bucks or 500 bucks and I’d believe you either way. I have no clue how to price a rock. This might be a hot take, but I don’t think geodes should be for sale. Just let rocks be rocks.

Geodesic - This probably has something to do with Earth, because the root word “geo” means “Earth.” Classic examples of this include “geography” and “geology.” So maybe “geodesic” means stuff that looks like Earth? Or feels earthy? I don’t know, man. I’m not an Earth scientist.

Geodetic - Once again, “geo” means “Earth” so this has something to do with Earth. Beyond that, I don’t know what this word means, and if I’m being really honest, I also don’t care.

Geophysics - The geology of physics. Or the physics of geology. I dunno, neither seems real.

Gerrymander - Sounds super 1910s-y (i.e. - “Get off my lawn, you filthy gerrymandering kids!”), but I’m pretty sure it’s when states divide up districts in a way that heavily favors one political party. Seems super illegal. It definitely fucking sucks. I’d like to stop it, but I just don’t think I have the time or energy to be, like, a gerrymandering protester. Even just the thought of writing a sign that says “STOP GERRYMANDERING” seems daunting. Feels like you’d need at least two hyphens in there.

Gherkin - One of those tiny, shrively little gross-ass pickle dicks. They look like if a pickle had a kid that you hated. Also, I think it’s a way you might insult someone’s penis - by saying that it looks like a gherkin. I feel like maybe Ace Ventura said gherkin? Maybe??

Giant - A huge person. Like fucking enormous. I’m not sure if there’s a specific height that qualifies you as a giant, but I’d say you have to be, like, 25 feet tall? 35 maybe?

Giblets - The gross shit that’s inside a chicken or turkey. I guess it’s good that they named it something gross like giblets, so you know to stay away from it. Giblets sounds like one of those diseases from 1821 where your knees start shaking, you get a fever of 108, your feet fall off, and then you shit your small intestine out of your body, then fart and die.

Gigantic - Fucking enormous.

Girl - A little woman. Wait, that makes it sound like a woman who’s, like, 3-foot-2. It’s more like, a female that’s like 6 years old. Come on, dude, you know what a girl is. Don’t look that shit up.

Giveaway - When a company gives stuff away for free, but as a way to promote itself. I once saw a commercial for Bob’s Discount Furniture, and they were like, “Free Ice Cream Giveaway!” and if you bought a couch, they’d give you free ice cream or something. I didn’t take part in that cuz that’s really stupid, but I did go out and buy some ice cream.

Gladiator - A big buff warrior with lots of muscles. They got the shield, the armor, the sword, the muscles, they’re sweating. They’re like a towering mass of hulking brute energy. It’s almost too much. There was that TV show “American Gladiators” where they had like 20 gladiators tackling people and swinging from rings and jousting and shit. All the gladiators were classic early-90s beefcakes and had names like Blaze and Viper and Turbo. I wonder if there was a bunch of backstage sex at that show. Or if any of the gladiators ever got married. The priest would be like, “Do you, Zap, take Laser to be your lawfully wedded husband?” And Zap would be like, “Life is so weird.”

Glitch - A weird, sort of creepy(?), mistake that a computer or machine makes. Like if you say, “Hey Alexa, what’s the temperature outside?” And then Alexa’s like, “The temperature outside is 54 degrees Fahrenheit. 54 degrees Fahrenheit. 54 degrees Fahrenheit. 54 degrees Fahrenheit. 54 degrees Fahrenheit.” That’s a glitch. Kinda makes you think computers are coming for us all. I remember in the “The Matrix,” they say that déjà vu is a glitch in the matrix. Okay, sure, that’s fine.

Glossary - It’s basically a dictionary but, like, four pages long instead of six hundred thousand. I reeeeeally wish I was writing a glossary instead of a dictionary. Why am I writing this? No one will tell me.

Glow - When something is super bright and electric and neon-y, even though it’s dark all around it. Most things that glow are accompanied by a person who sucks.


Gnome - It’s a little dwarf figurine that you put on your lawn for some reason. It feels like if we ever needed to get rid of something in this world, gnomes would be near the top of the list. Like if the country was ever facing a gnome shortage, everyone would be fine with that. We’re set on gnomes.

Godmother - A woman who has to be a kid’s mom if the kid’s actual mom dies. Seems like a pretty crappy gig. Imagine the first day of being someone’s godmother. So sad. It’d be like, “Hey, your mom died. I’m your new mom. Wanna play Sorry?”


Goiter - It’s when your thyroid gland gets enlarged. I know that because my cousin Barn had a goiter when we were in high school. I made some joke about him looking like a frog, and he punched me in the neck, which was super weird, but I think maybe it was his way of trying to give me a goiter? I don’t know. I’ve never asked him. I’d ask him now, but I think he might still be scarred by that comment. Barn, if you’re reading this (which you’re not), sorry about saying that the goiter on your neck made you look like a frog.

Golden hamster - A hamster is a little gerbil-looking animal that people keep as a pet, so I guess this is one with gold hair? I knew a kid named Rodney Dennin in middle school who had pet hamsters. He also had the hottest mom of any of my friends. Some of us used to peek into the bathroom when she was showering like a bunch of little pervs. We never saw anything but Rodney would be like “Please stop” and we’d be like “Go take care of your stupid hamster, Rodney.” 

Goldenrod - Gold plant. The stems are still green, but the flowery part is gold.

Goldfinch - I’m pretty sure it’s a bird. Probably yellow.

Gong - A giant circular metal drum thing that you hit with a giant mallet. It makes a really cool sound, but I feel like it gets hit one time per symphony performance. Definitely does not seem worth it.

Goon - One of those big, stupid guys who stands behind Tony Soprano and does whatever he says. Tony’s like, “Dis here is Itty Bitty Carl and he’s gonna break ya fingers,” and then Carl breaks the guy’s fingers. He doesn’t say much. He just breaks fingers then goes home to his wife, who’s like, “What’d you do at work today, honey?” and he’s like, “I broke a guy’s… uh… paperwork?”

Gorilla - Big, scary ape. It could rip you apart. If you ever see a gorilla and you’re not at the zoo, you’re fucking fucked.

Gormandise - I don’t know.

Gormandize - I’m assuming this is the same thing as “gormandise,” just the American version? But it’d be pretty funny if one of them meant “to run” and the other one was like “to throw a javelin.” Anyway, yeah, I have no clue what this means.

Gorp - I can’t believe this is a word. “Gorp”? What? That sounds like the name of an alien from planet Zortag. “Bleep bleep. I am Gorp. I come in peace. Bleep blorp.” Oh wait, I just Googled it. “Gorp” stands for “good ole raisins and peanuts.” So it’s just trail mix? Wow. I am absolutely going to call trail mix “gorp” for the rest of my life.

Gorse - I’ve had to make a lot of guesses while writing this dictionary, and I feel pretty good about some of them. But this one I feel especially good about. I think a gorse is a goose horse.

Gory - When something is really bloody and scary. I feel like the only time people use this word is to describe a horror movie. But it’s also a pretty fun way to describe Al Gore. (See also “Allegory” for more words that sound like Al Gore’s name)

Gosling - Holy shit, I know this one! It’s a baby goose. It’s like how a baby duck is called a duckling. I don’t think baby swans are called swanlings, but they might as well be. Not gonna lie, I thought swans were just girl geese until I was in my twenties. Turns out they’re an entirely different species.

Gospel - A big choir made up of mostly or entirely black people and occasionally one annoying white guy. They sing this amazing music that I could only classify as “gospel.” A lot of it’s like, “PRAY TO JESUS!” and “PRAISE THE LORD!” but despite that it’s still really good and totally not boring.

Gossamer - I have no clue what this is. I think it might be that family from “Jon & Kate + 8,” but why would that be in the dictionary?

Governor - The president of a state. Remember when Arnold Schwarzenegger was governor? Can you believe that happened? That was so fucked up. (Although I heard he was, like, actually a pretty good governor.)

Grandmother - Your mom’s mom or your dad’s mom. People usually address them as grandma or granny, but then some people go weird with it and call them stuff like Gamyam or Gooby or Wee-Woo.

Granola - A snack you eat on hikes. I might be wrong, but I think it’s made out of like tree bark and nuts and dirt. It’s pretty good though. It’s hearty. You feel kind of cool when you’re eating it, like, “I’m hiking on a trail. I’m gonna take a quick break and eat some granola.” Then you eat the granola and you’re like, “Alright, time to keep hiking on this trail.”

Grateful - When you’re thankful for something, but in more of that “blessed” sort of way. I’m trying to think of something I’m grateful for. I can’t really think of anything. Whatever, you know what grateful is.

Gravy - That thick brown sauce that you put on turkey and mashed potatoes at Thanksgiving. It’s fucking delicious. My Uncle Phillip used to drink directly from the gravy boat when no one was looking. One time when I was 7 I walked in on him and he was so startled that he coughed gravy on me and ruined my sweater. He gave me $5 to lie to my mom and tell her it was my fault.

Greenroom - A room where performers and musicians hang out before and maybe after the show. The room usually has lots of canned soda options and bottled waters and also those air crisp things and other chips and one of those veggie trays with the ranch dip in the middle. A lot of times some dickhead in a suit will stop by and chat. And then two minutes later another dickhead stops by. Greenrooms have had their fair share of dickheads. 

Gritty - When something has a lot of grit.

Groin - This is a more professional way to say “crotch.” Doctors will say stuff like, “You seem to have pulled a muscle in your groin,” because it’s not a good look if they’re like, “The results are in: you fucked up your junk-zone.”

Grown-Up - What a kid calls an adult. 

Grub - Another word for food, but no one uses it. You shouldn’t either. I guess you could be someone who says, “Let’s grab some grub,” but you don’t wanna do that.

Guacamole - That green stuff that you dip chips into. It’s mashed up avocado, and then you can add like tomato, onion, and other stuff. It often gets served in those unbelievably heavy-ass stone bowls. Imagine packing one of those things if you’re moving to a new apartment? No way.

Guillotine - Those medieval-ass devices made of wood, but with a giant blade that slices your head off. #SliceDevice You stick your head in through the head hole, and then the blade drops and chops your head off and it like rolls into a bucket or something. #DropNChop

Gumshoe - A dumbass way of saying detective. That lady from Carmen Sandiego used to say it all the time. She’d be like, “Good luck, Gumshoe” and then hold the magnifying glass up to her eye. That woman was cool.

Gynecology - The study of the female pussy.

H

Habeus Corpus - (1) Why is this in the dictionary? Are we doing full-ass phrases now? Shouldn’t this be in an encyclopedia or something? (2) I don’t know what this means. I know it’s a lawyer thing. Maybe it’s when someone dies in court? (3) It kinda sounds like a spell Harry Potter would yell to make someone - I don’t know - take a dump?

Habitat - A place where animals live. But not a zoo. I mean, the zoo CAN have habitats, but they’re kinda faked? Real habitats aren’t in the zoo. Real habitats are in the jungle and on rocks near lakes and shit like that. It’s where animals live their lives and have a good time doing it and-- you know what? Just fucking Google it.

Hafnium - I think it’s one of the elements from the Periodic Table. I can’t tell you which one, but it definitely doesn’t seem essential. Like you never hear anyone say, “Hydrogen, oxygen, and hafnium.” So you’re good.

Hairspray - Spray that people put in their hair to make it stay put or look fuller. My mom used it all the time and sometimes I would walk by and get a mouthful of chemicals. I wonder if I could sue someone and make money because of that.

Half - When something’s only halfway full or whatever. Like, there’s as much of something as there isn’t, if that makes sense. Like imagine a glass of beer where half of the glass is beer, and the other half is air. You’d still have half of your beer left to drink. So you should probably drink it.

Halibut - It’s definitely a fish. As far as defining features go, well, I can’t help you there. But I know you can eat it, cuz I once ordered it at some fancy restaurant and as soon as I started eating it I instantly regretted ordering it.

Hammerhead - That shark with the weird, wide head. Its eyes are super far apart and looking to the sides. It basically looks like an anvil fell on the front of its face. If “Jaws” was a hammerhead, people wouldn’t have been scared of that movie. They would’ve been like, “Wow, that shark looks corny as shit.”

Hammock - One of those netted elasticky beds that you hang between two trees or two poles. They’re supposed to be relaxing, but I find them to be painful, hard to enjoy, and a reminder that I’m overweight.

Handgun - A gun that you hold in your hand. Different from finger guns, which is when you use your fingers to make a gun shape and you make kind of a “pew pew” gesture at someone. It’s like winking but for assholes.

Just to clear up any confusion, this is finger guns, not handguns. I probably should have put a photo of a handgun here, but honestly, if you don’t know what a handgun looks like then you should get shot in the back with a handgun.

Hang out to dry - This is a full ass phrase. Why is it in the dictionary? If you really need to know, it’s an old expression that means “to abandon someone.” Like if your stepmom was like, “Can you pick me up from my doctor’s appointment at 6?” and you’re like “Yes” but then you don’t show up, you hung her out to dry. Hanged her out to dry? Who cares, this shouldn’t be in the dictionary anyway.

Hangar - A building(?) where they keep planes. It’s always kind of near an airport and open so you can see the planes inside. They’re barely a building. They’re a roof with sides. I’m sure someone has thought this through, but hangars look like they’d get their shit rocked by a tornado.

Hanger - A metal or plastic device(?) that you hang your clothes up with. The top has a little hook that you hang on a bar and the bottom is a flat-ish triangle that fits inside your clothes. Sometimes the arm holes in your clothes are too far apart so when you hang them up, the hanger tips a little and your clothes fall down. That shit sucks.

Hangman - A game kids play to pass the time, especially during road trips or at restaurants. I’m sure kids today just play on their iPads or whatever, but we played hangman when I was a kid. You think of a word or phrase, and the other person has to guess what the word or phrase is, one letter at a time. If the letter they say isn’t in the word or phrase, you add a body part to a stick figure hanging from a gallows. If they get it wrong like five or six times, you have a full stick figure hanging, so they lose. The more I think about this, the more I’m like… why were we allowed to play this? We were 9 years old, slowly watching a dismembered body get hanged. 

Hansom - A fun way to spell “handsome” if you want to lose a sixth grade spelling bee.


Hapless - When one lacks hap?

Harbinger - Dunno. Sounds serious. Or maybe it’s fun. Is it part of a ship?

Hardball - Sometimes people say “Let’s play hardball,” which means let’s play a normal game but really fucking go at it. Like, let’s hurt each other and make this difficult on everyone. It’s also a TV show where an old guy yells about politics.

Hard-boiled - When an egg is solid instead of yellow and goopy.

Hardline - I think I’ve only ever heard this referred to when talking about a stance. Like you have a hardline stance on something. Like my hardline stance on raccoons is that I hate them.

Harvest - It’s when you, like, grow grains and wheat and gather them and stuff. You know, you’re in the fields and stuff, tilling corn? I don’t know, man. I prefer cities.

Hasten - To go faster. It’s pronounced “HAY-sin,” which is pretty fucked. No one really uses this word anymore. It feels kind of old-timey. Like, I imagine soldiers in the Civil War being like, “We must hasten our pace, lest the Confederates capture Fort Sumter!” I bet the Civil War smelled so bad. Do you ever think about that? A million dudes reeking of B.O. and dead bodies. I can barely function in a gym locker room. Put me in the Civil War, and I’d fucking gag to death.

Hat - You’re telling me you don’t know what a hat is? Get fucked.

Haunch - I’m like 40% sure this means “ass.”

Have - Oh boy. Where to even begin. You know what? I’m not even gonna begin. You know what have is. If you HAVE any sense of decency, you won’t need an actual definition for this word. Ugh, okay, now I feel a little guilty so I’ll just go ahead and define it. If you have ten dollars, then ten dollars is what you have. Okay, that sounded like a Yogi Berra quote if Yogi Berra had zero brain cells.

Heartbeat - When your heart, like, jumps? Or pumps? Like when it blinks? Or flashes? C’mon man, you know what I mean.

Heartless - Being cruel for no reason at all. Like if you’re a doctor delivering a baby and you just take the baby and walk out of the hospital and feed the baby to some tigers, that is heartless.

Heave - When something goes up and down quickly. Your chest “heaves” if you’re breathing super fast after a run. It’s also when you pull on something hard. Like you “heave” a dresser into the back of a U-Haul cuz you’re moving. There’s also dry heave, which is when it feels like you’re about to barf. So yeah. Heave is easy. It’s when stuff goes up and down, when you pull stuff, or when you gag on your own spit.

Hectometer - A unit of measurement equivalent to the length of one dude named Hector?

Heiress - A woman who takes over the throne or inherits a bunch of riches and property and shit. It’s gotta be a woman cuz of the “ess” at the end. Sorry men! No dudes allowed. You’ve had your time to shine. Now move over and let the ladies own shit.

Helix - This is what shape DNA is. That’s the only time it comes up. Your sophomore biology teacher is like, “DNA is a double helix. It’s kinda like a spiral,” and then you all forget about it until you’re forced to define it in a dictionary twenty-two years later.

Hemorrhoid - I think it’s when your ass swells up. You usually need to use one of those hemorrhoid donuts, which, I don’t know about you, but I’m totally down to sit in one of those things regardless of my hemorrhoid sitch. I hesitate to say this cuz it’s a dumb thing to say, but I almost want hemorrhoids just so I can have an excuse to use the donut.

Right? Seems comfortable. They even got that little groove there for where your ass has the hemorrhoids.

Henna - Fake tattoos that white people get at the fair.

Hepatitis - It’s some sort of disease or virus that I don’t think kills you, but just kind of sucks. It might be an STD? I know it comes in A, B, or C, but I’m not sure which one’s the best to get. Er… worst to get.

Herd - A fuckload of farm animals (sheep, cows, etc.) all walking together and just kind of eating grass aimlessly. Not sure why they all have to be together. How much would it suck to be in the middle of that herd where you’re smelling, like, two thousand sheep asses?

Herring - A fish that’s sometimes on the menu but that I never order. I know that red herring’s a thing. I was about to define it, but let me try something - SEE: Red Herring.

Hidalgo - I’m pretty sure this is a horse movie with Viggo Mortenson. Not sure why it’s in the dictionary.

Highbrow - A word to describe someone who thinks they’re better than you’s taste. A highbrow joke is usually way too clever and not actually funny. Like it involves “clever turns of phrase” and bullshit like that. Lowbrow, on the other hand, is like when a big smelly fat man farts on some ice cream and the ice cream melts. Super funny.

Highlighter - A pen that highlights stuff, usually in yellow or pink. You use it to highlight the important stuff. So like, for this word, I would highlight the phrase, “A pen that highlights stuff.”

Hilltop - The top of a hill. This isn’t important but my high school used to compete against this other school whose mascot was the “Hillclimbers.” I couldn’t believe it. Their gym had a big picture of a random guy with a pickaxe, climbing a hill. Who decided that was a good mascot? Did they vote on it? It’s so dumb. It’s like calling yourself the “water drinkers.” Who cares?

Hippopotamus - A four-legged animal from Africa or, like, the general rainforest (?). It’s gray and enormous - like 12,000 pounds or something like that. It’s like a rhino but without the horn. People get them confused a lot, but it doesn’t matter cuz it’s just animals so who cares. The point is that they’re two ridiculous animals with joke-sounding names. I really wanna see a hippo fight a rhino. I feel like I’d start getting them confused if they fought. Like this time freshman year of high school, when we did a wrestling unit in gym, and Nick and Dave Handelman - these two identical twins - had to wrestle each other. Everybody formed a circle around them and started screaming, “Handelman! Handelman! Handelman!” It was the weirdest thing I’ve ever seen.

Hiss - The sound a snake makes. Also, unhappy audiences are said to “boo and hiss,” but I’m 38 and I still have never seen one person in any audience actually hiss.

Hitchhike - When you stand on the side of the road, hold out your thumb, and a car pulls over and picks you up. It’s a good way to save money, but it’s a bad way to keep being alive. I feel like if you’re a driver and you pick up a hitchhiker, there’s a 45% chance you’ll get murdered. And if you’re a hitchhiker and a driver pulls over, there’s a 55% chance you’ll get murdered. The cons outweigh the pros on this one. There’s gotta be some dumb fucking app that organizes carpools in your area. Just download that.

Hockey - The sport with the stick and the puck and the goal and the ice. It’s not, like, the biggest sport, but it’s probably in the Top 10, and Canadians play it a lot, which is something I guess.

Holiday - A day where you take the day off from work to celebrate something because it’s important. Even though that sounds great, a holiday can be awesome or it can suck. Thanksgiving and Halloween are great. Arbor Day, Memorial Day, and Veterans Day all kinda suck though. I feel bad about saying that, but yeah, they kinda suck.

Holly - A plant. I think the leaves are green and pointy and it has a few little red berries. They mention it in “Deck the Halls,” when it’s like, “Deck the halls with boughs of holly, fa la la la la la la la la.” I’ve never actually seen anyone deck their halls with boughs of holly cuz if I’m being really honest, I don’t even know what that fucking means. 

Holstein - The type of cow that produces milk. Sort of ironic that it has a Jewish name, yet Jews are often lactose intolerant.

Holster - The thing on your hip that holds a gun. Two kinds of people have holsters: (1) cops (2) insecure white guys in Ohio named Kirt. 

Homage - I’m never sure how to pronounce this word so I never say it. It might be “HOM-idge” with a hard H, or it might be fancy like, “oh-MAHJ.” Either way, homage is something you give to someone you respect. Like, if you really love Tom Hanks, you could throw an “I Love Tom Hanks” parade. That’d be you giving homage to Tom Hanks. 

Tom Hanks is the best

Homebody - Someone who likes staying at home. I think I’m a homebody because I like hanging at my house and not going out to clubs or whatever. Clubs are the worst. It’s like, “Do you want to pay 20 dollars for a Bud Light and spend two hours squeezing past people hotter than you?” No, I wanna watch a true crime documentary and drink 5-6 beers alone.


Homophobia - When you hate/fear gay people. It never really made sense to me. Gay people aren’t actually doing anything to threaten you. It’d be different if part of being gay was to menacingly wield a knife everywhere you go. If that was the case, I’d probably be scared of gay people.

Honey - Sticky stuff that comes in a bear. I always thought it’s cool how it comes in a bear. Not sure why they don’t do that with other stuff. Like milk that comes in a cow. Why’s milk gotta be in cartons and shit? Put it in a cow container. Btw, super fucked up that cows make milk. It’s like, HUH????

Honeycomb - The grid-looking thing where bees keep their honey. It’s like a bunch of the same shape - maybe a hexagon? Is that right? - and it’s always dripping in honey. I think you can maybe eat honeycomb, but I’ve never seen someone do that, so maybe not actually.

Honeydew - This is a type of melon. It’s the green kind that comes in fruit salads and it kinda sucks. OK, moving on...

Honeydew melon - Ah fuck, are you kidding? Honeydew is something other than a melon? Fuck.

Hood - The part of a hooded sweatshirt that you pull over your head. It’s also the front of a car where all the car intestines are located. Remember hood ornaments? I just barely do. Just barely.

Horseback - When you’re riding on a horse’s back. I’ve gone horseback riding a few times. It’s pretty fun but after a while your ass starts to hurt, and it’s no longer worth it. I’m kind of surprised horseback riding is still a thing. Like have you ever seen a cop on horseback? What do they even do? Pull over a person who’s riding a horse too fast?

Hospitalize - When you’re put in the hospital. Freshman year of high school this kid named Manny Zilk fell off the top row of the bleachers, but he fell directly into a garbage can and got stuck. It was incredible. They had to bring him to the hospital to pry him out and I think he broke a few ribs. So humiliating for him. Last I heard he got fired from a West Elm for stealing an ottoman. 

Hotline - One of those 1-800 (or 1-900 even?) phone numbers you can call to talk to someone. Hotlines usually fall into one of two categories: 1. Trying to have phone sex, or 2. Trying to prevent your own suicide.

Houseboat - Pretty straightforward. Yeah, actually I’m just gonna let this one be. (Editor’s note - I don’t know if living in a houseboat is a good idea, at least for a marriage. My friends Andy and Rachel lived in one, and whenever they would fight Andy would storm out, and then Rachel would set sail just to piss off Andy so that when he got back his home was gone. Super fucked up, but that’s just the tip of their marital iceberg.)

Howdah - Hm. Okay. Did someone forget to put a C at the beginning of the word? Cuz that’d be how a Boston person says chowder. Chowdah! “Hey Ricky, you want some chowdah?!? I got some pipin’ hot chowdah!!” Anyway, no idea what howdah is. Is it that lady who hosts the Today Show? I dunno. Pass.

Howsoever - This word is just “however” now. We lost the “so” cuz we didn’t need it anymore. It just means like, “no matter how you did something.” Here’s an example: “Howsoever you file your taxes, you’ll still be pissed you have to pay taxes.” Don’t tell anyone this, but I forgot to file my taxes in 2011, and literally never got in trouble. Isn’t that crazy?

Http - These letters appear before website names sometimes but I don’t know what they stand for. I don’t think they even need to be there anymore, cuz you can just type stuff into the website bar like “do birds sneeze” and one hundred million options come up. (If you were wondering - yes, birds sneeze. I just watched a YouTube video of a bird sneezing that has over 200 thousand views.)

Hug - When two people sort of like smush their bodies together while clasping their arms around the other person’s back. A typical hug is maybe a second or two. Any longer than that and your dick is in danger of moving a little.

Hummus - Mashed up chickpeas that you dunk your carrots into. Or pita bread. It’s pretty good. I’m honestly kind of shocked that it comes from chickpeas, cuz you don’t really ever hear shit about chickpeas, but hummus seems like it’s carved out a pretty solid spot for itself on the Food-o-Meter.

Hungover - When you got too drunk last night and you’re fuckin’ feelin’ it today. I’m actually a little hungover right now, but it’s not that bad. I don’t think I’m gonna barf, but I definitely did drink too much Beefeaters last night. If you’re hungover, hopefully you can just sit on the couch all day, instead of like, hitting up Six Flags. Or going to the DMV to renew your license. Actually, now that I think about it, most people look like they’re hungover in their driver’s license photos. So yeah, maybe actually do go to the DMV if you’re hungover? Maybe you’re supposed to be hungover? Wait, never mind about that last part.

Hurdy-Gurdy - Whoa. Just looked it up and I guess it’s a musical instrument. Never heard of it. It kind of sounds like if you were talking to a hurdle like it’s a baby. “Who’s a little hurdy-gurdy? Who’s my little hurdy-gurdy-durdy-doo? Are you a teeny tiny hurdy-gurdy-goo-goo?” Not really sure why someone would do that. I guess if you were crazy, maybe?

Yeah. I guess like this?

Husk - It’s that layer of skin that corn comes in. Feels cool when you grab it and pull it off the corn. It feels like you’re really getting some work done, even though you’re just husking corn.

Hypothalamus - One of the most important parts of the brain. The functions of the hypothalamus are extremely important, and simply cannot be understated. I do not know what those functions are.

I

Ibex - This is like, the king goat. It has giant, curly horns and if you saw it in the wild, you’d think, “Oh shit, I better stay back. That goat could fuck me up.”


Ice - Frozen water. Easy.

Ice Skate - To skate on ice using ice skates.

Idea - Any thought that you have where you’re like, “That could be something! I should do that!” Sometimes it’s a good idea, like planting a tree and naming it after a kid so that kid will feel special and be able to grow old with the tree. But then other times it’s a bad idea, like an iPhone app called FEEBL that rich women can use to hook up with poor men.

Identity Theft - When someone steals your identity by, like, using your credit card info. One time someone stole my dad’s credit card info and used it to buy like a hundred vintage issues of LIFE Magazine. The cops ended up apprehending the dude who stole my dad’s identity, but my dad actually ended up keeping the magazines and getting super into LIFE for a few months during his retirement. One time he agreed to let me look at one, but I had to use the special gloves that he had just bought. The only thing I can remember was a really boring interview with Bing Crosby.

Ill - 1) Sick, but worse. Like it’s bad. If you have pneumonia and are about to die, you could say, “I’m ill,” except you probably don’t have the energy to produce sound. 2) A way to say “cool” between, like, 1983 and 1994? So you might say that those Adidas sneakers are “ill,” but having pneumonia is not “ill.”

Ill-Tempered - Fucking pissed.

Imagination - Using your brain to think of stuff that doesn’t exist. Like Danny DeVito going down on the blonde guy from Beverly Hills 90210 in a Wendy’s drive-thru lane. Or a black man dressed as a flamingo at a kids birthday party singing “New Slang” by The Shins.

Immiseration - I honestly did not know this was a word. If I had to guess, I’d say it means… a fat bartender who wears too much clothing? I don’t know, I’m a terrible guesser.

Immortal - Someone who doesn’t die. Feel like it mainly happens to gods and shit.

Immune response - Since when are there two-word words in the dictionary? This isn’t even a word. It’s a concept made of smaller words. And it’s fucking obvious. It’s when your immune system responds to something. What a fucking waste of time.

Immune system - Ugh. Yeah, it’s the system in your body that keeps you healthy. I don’t think it’s in a specific part of your body - it’s just kinda, like, throughout your body? If everyone has a cold, it’s the thing that tries to protect you from also getting the cold. I almost always get a cold if someone around me has one. One time my coworker Dana showed up to work all sniffy and was like, “Sorry, I’m super sick” and I was like, “Cool, thanks. I wanted to feel like complete shit in a couple days so this is perfect for me.” Dana got fired for using her company card to buy whippits. 

Immure - I don’t know.

Immutable - Unable to be muted, let’s say?

Imp - This is a little evil piece of shit. Not a literal piece of shit, but like, a little demon that sucks. They’re tiny mythical creatures that create chaos, kinda like leprechauns or pygmies. I only know about pygmies cuz that one scary scene in The Mummy Returns where they stab everyone to death. Man, I love that fucking movie. Maybe I’ll rewatch that soon.

Impasse - I’ve only heard this word used one time. It was when I was a busboy at Carrabba’s and my manager caught me eating leftover baked ziti when I cleaned off tables. He was like, “You can’t do that” and I was like “But I want to” and he said, “Then it looks like we’re at an impasse.” I still don’t really know what that means, but I got fired two weeks later.

Impart - I’ve only heard this in the context of “imparting knowledge” or “imparting wisdom.” Otherwise, it hasn’t come up. So I guess “impart” just means “give information”? But no one’s ever like, “Will you impart your phone number to me?” or “Can I impart some advice to you?” That’s weird. Look, I’m gonna be honest with you - you don’t need this word.

Impeccable - This is when something is perfect. It can do no wrong. It’s spotless. I knew this girl Cassie Brinkman in college who would overuse this word like crazy. She’d take a bite of quiche and be like, “This is impeccable.” Or she’d see a picture of Ryan Reynolds and be like “He’s impeccable.” It was a lot. She ended up dropping out after she got blackout drunk on homecoming night and chipped her tooth on a toilet seat. 

Impediment - Something that gets in your way. Like if you’re driving but there’s a herd of cattle walking across the street, that’s a textbook impediment. There’s also a speech impediment, which is when someone has trouble speaking. I knew a girl in high school named Linda with a speech impediment. As if it wasn’t bad enough that she was a teenager named “Linda,” she also couldn’t pronounce her R’s very well. So she’d say stuff like, “I weally wanna go to pwom with Wichawd,” and it was super hard not to laugh at her baby voice.

Impend - I’ve never heard someone say “impend” but I have heard people say “impending doom.” It means doom is right around the corner. It’s about to happen. It’s impending. Kinda like it’s “pending,” I guess. I’m not sure what else can be impending other than doom. No one’s ever like, “I am filled with impending curiosity” or “I sense some impending birthday cake.”

Impetus - The reason something happens or keeps happening. Like, if you propose to your girlfriend, the impetus was probably your deep love for her. But if you get divorced, the impetus might be that she slept with Trevor at a Courtyard by Marriott two weeks after you proposed.

Important - When something’s, like, really important. Like if you’re on a flight, it’s important for you to look over the safety instructions. I mean, I’ve never personally done it, but it seems important. I just kind of assume that if my plane’s going down, there’s no real difference between me putting on an oxygen mask and me screaming my fucking face off.

Impound - I think it’s when you, like, illegally park or something, and they tow your car away, and I wanna say they… crush your car?

Imprison - To put in prison. Shouldn’t it be called “inprison”?

Improvement - To make an improvement on something, or to improve it. To make it better. Like, if you had two floors in your home, but no way to get to the second floor, the way you could improve your home is by adding a staircase. “Home Improvement” was also a TV show from the 90’s starring Tim Allen. Remember the neighbor Wilson? You’d only ever see the top half of his face cuz the backyard fence was blocking it. I heard that guy got the bottom of his face mauled by a circus lion, but he was supposedly an incredible actor, and they really wanted him on the show, so that’s why they came up with the fence thing.

Impuissance - I don’t know.

In absentia - This feels like some dumbass smartass Latin shit. Words like this should not be in the dictionary. I’d apologize to you but I’m the one who has to write all these goddamn definitions.

Incense - A thin stick that you burn that supposedly makes a room smell better, but in my experience has only ever made it smell worse.

Incident - A thing that happened, but it’s usually, like, infamous. Like something weird or a little fucked up that people talk about for a while afterwards and use the word “incident” when talking about it. Like the “Baldwin Parfait Incident” refers to the time my friend Nicole and I saw Alec Baldwin yelling at the person in front of him in line at Le Pain Quotidien because they bought the last yogurt parfait. It was so weird. He was cursing at the cashier too, and threatened to write an angry letter to Le Pain Quotidien. Then he walked out in a huff, but right before he left he screamed, “Goodnight!” which was strange cuz it was like 1 p.m. I think it was an accident.

Incontinent - When you can’t control your own piss or shit. So a good example is babies. Babies are incontinent. A baby that could control its own piss or shit would be a goddamned superstar. Give ‘em their own TV show or something, I dunno.

Indebted - When you do something for someone and they’re like, “I am indebted to you forever.” But usually the thing you did was small, like pick up someone’s kids from school, and they’re like, “I am indebted to you forever,” and you’re like, “Chill, Cynthia.”

Indescribable - 


Index - The back of a book where it lists everything that the book talked about in alphabetical order. There wouldn’t be an index for a dictionary, though, because it’d just be a list of all the words again and then you’d be like, “What the fuck? I just saw all this.”

Indignant - I looked this up cuz I wasn’t totally sure and the definition says “Filled with or marked by indignation.” Isn’t that bullshit? I hate that. Why even have a definition if that’s all you’re gonna say?

Indigo - This is a color that never really comes up unless you’re listing the literal colors of the rainbow. It’s between blue and violet. So I guess it’s kinda dark blue-ish? It’s so stupid to describe a color instead of just showing it, so here’s a picture. Hopefully this dictionary is printed or color or this won’t be helpful at all. 
Indigo is this color


Indulge - To go super deep into pleasing yourself. Like a woman being like, “I’m gonna take a nice hot bath while I’m hand-fed strawberries from a shirtless Greek man who’s going down on me.”

Infamy - When something’s remembered, but for a shitty thing. Like September 11th (9-11), or December 7th (Pearl Harbor), or January 6th (U.S. Capitol riots). Come to think of it, I feel like we’re running out of dates that don’t live in infamy. Okay, I’m gonna just pick a random date, then look it up and see if it lives in infamy. Let’s go with January 28th. Fuck! That’s when the Challenger exploded.

Inferno - A fire, but like, a giant fucking fire. And it’s always towering. You know hell? That’s infernos.

Inflict - When you hurt something, I guess? I feel like I only hear this word when it’s attached to “pain.” You can “inflict pain,” but you can’t inflict much other stuff. No one’s ever like, “I inflicted happiness” or “I inflicted milk into my cereal.” It’s just pain. So if you do a lot of inflicting, you’re probably a shitty person.

Informative - From the root word “information,” this is when something gives you a lot of information about something. Sesame Street’s mad informative. I wish I could say that this dictionary is informative, but I have a sneaky suspicion that it’s making who’s ever reading it dumber.

In-house - When a place has the thing you’re looking for without having to go outside of the place. The place doesn’t have to be a house, though. This one’s kind of hard to define. I wish I could say that it’s the opposite of an outhouse, but an outhouse is a tiny bathroom in the woods where you piss and shit on other people’s piss and shit.

Ink - Black, blue, or red liquid that somehow dries instantly when it’s typed or written on paper. I don’t know what it’s made out of. I wanna say water and… ink?

In Memoriam - The part of an awards show where they show you a Power Point of all the people who died this year. A lot of times it’ll be like 18 producers and composers who you don’t know at all, but then you’ll see Sean Connery and you’ll be like, “Oh shit, he died this year?”

Inordinate - A lot of. Like, too much. It’s taking me an inordinate amount of time to write this dictionary.

Inshore - Huh. I’ve heard of “on shore.” That’s when something is on shore. I guess by that measure, “inshore” would be when something is in shore. I guess if you’re debating between saying “on shore” or “inshore,” just say “on shore.”

Insinuate - To imply something without straight-up saying it. Like if you go to your friend Paul’s house, and you ask for a drink, and he’s like, “Oh yeah, well, we knew you were coming, so we actually locked all our alcohol in the garage,” he’s insinuating that you drink too much. Fuck Paul, by the way. I don’t drink too much. That guy fucking sucks. He’s the one who drinks too much. Shit, I’m all riled up now. I need a drink.

Instinct - What your gut’s telling you to do. Sometimes it’s important to listen to your gut. Like if your gut’s telling you you should Irish Exit a party, do it. Follow your gut. But then again, if your gut’s telling you to film a feature-length documentary about what it takes to become a dentist, it’s probably better to not follow your gut.

Integer - A whole number, like 16 or 58 or 371. If you’re a number and you have a decimal or a fraction, sorry buddy, you’re not an integer. I feel like if I was a number I’d want to be an integer. No one wants to be 12.753, that’s lame as hell. The only famous non-integer is Pi, and that’s still a pain in the ass number. Whoever invented Pi probably just wanted throw decimal numbers a bone. 

Intellect - Your smartness.

Intellectual - A smarter way to say smart.

Intercept - When the QB throws a football to his own player but it’s caught by a player from the other team. Also other stuff can be intercepted but that’s the big one. 

Interdepartmental - I guess something that goes from department to department?

Interject - A slightly more douchey way to interrupt. People who interrupt you just interrupt you. People who interject will say, “If I could just interject for a moment - are we really sure we want to…” Both are annoying, but interjectors are weak-willed dumbfucks.

Interlocutor - You’re not gonna believe me, but this just means “someone who talks.” Seriously. If we had a conversation, we’d be interlocutors interlocuting. Isn’t that stupid? I feel like this word is exclusively for college students trying to sound smart in a paper. Instead of being like, “The scientists discussed their findings,” they’ll be like, “The scholarly interlocutors subsequently juxtaposed the dichotomy of their conclusions most diligently” and their professors will be like, “Wow, me like big impressive words. Me give A+.”

Interlocutory - I’m not gonna define this word because you’ll never need to use it. Instead, here are my three favorite Pop-Tart flavors: S’mores, Brown Sugar Cinnamon, Chocolate Chip. 

Intermarriage - It either means marrying within your own group or outside of your own group. So… I’m sorry.

Intern - A 22-year-old who gets paid like $3.15/hour to get coffee with the exact right amount of oat milk for people who actually work there. The whole thing’s embarrassing.

Interstellar - Space stuff that happens up by the stars. Did you ever see that movie Interstellar? I think Matt Damon was in it. Or maybe that was The Martian. I dunno, I didn’t see either movie cuz space movies mostly suck. Too unrelatable. I like Fight Club. 

Intimate - When you’re really close with someone. They tell you their secrets and hold your hand and maybe even have sex with you. I’ve had approximately 1.5 intimate relationships.

Invalid - When something isn’t valid. I think you can also pronounce this like inva-LID and it means someone who got sick in the war and had to go home. Man, if I had to be in the war I would do everything I could to become an invalid. I’d be eating poison berries and letting my bunkmate cough in my mouth and shit. 

In Vitro - It’s when you make a baby, but not by fucking. I think it involves, like, stirring some sperm and an egg together in a dish or bowl, and then drinking it? Okay, I immediately wish I could re-do this definition, but they don’t let me do that. It also fucking sucks that I don’t even know who “They” is. Man, fuck this shit.

Ipecac - Oh, this is that thing you drink and it makes you throw up. I only know that cuz my friend Gus bet a guy he couldn’t drink a glass of ipecac without barfing, and the guy barfed so bad he had to go to the emergency room. His parents showed up to the hospital like “What the hell happened?” and he lied and said he got food poisoning from a gyro place.

Iraimbilanja - No clue. Like, zero percent. This might be a stupid question but.. is it racist that I don’t know this?

Irascible - Having or showing a tendency to be easily angered… Okay, full disclosure, I copy-pasted that from Google then acted like I knew what it meant. I had no clue it meant “having or showing a tendency to be easily angered.” I was gonna say, “when you can erase something.”

Irate - Really angry. Here, let me use it in a sentence: “I am irate that I have to write this fucking dictionary.”

Ire - This is another way to say “anger,” but the only people that use it are old-timey poets trying to sound smart. They’re like, “O’er the mountains/ I shall expire/ I want to sound smart/ So ‘stead of ‘anger,’ I’ll sayeth ‘ire.’” Poets are trash.

Irenic - Someone mispronouncing “ironic”? (?)

Iridescence - I think this is how light bulbs work. Wait, no - that’s incandescent. And I already defined that. Um. Okay. Well, this is awkward.

Irreducible - Unreducible.

Iris - Goo Goo Dolls song. 

Ironic - That one Alanis Morissette song where most of the stuff isn’t actually ironic.

Ironwood - Harder than usual wood? Kinda sounds like a nickname you’d give a tough guy. Like, “Gary over there? We call him Ironwood,” and you look at Gary and he has an eye patch.

Ischemia - Nah.

Islet - I wanna say this is an island but smaller? No wait, this is the little hard part at the end of a shoelace! No wait, that’s an aglet. Shit. Small island. Final answer.

-Ism - Oh, great. So now we’re defining parts of words? Sure. Here we fucking go. So “-ism,” which isn’t a fucking word, always happens at the end of a kinda big word and it makes that word, like… more of a thing. Fuck. Right, so it’s like the word “Mormonism.” Mormon was already a word and it meant “person who is Mormon” but when you slap “-ism” at the end, it makes it a bigger thing. So now instead of talking about one Mormon guy, you’re talking about Mormonism, which is about all Mormons all at once. It’s about the entire fucking concept of Mormons. Does that make sense? Or like, you can take the word “social,” which means, like, “don’t be weird at parties.” But if you add “ism,” you get “socialism,” which is about… okay, fuck, bad example. 

Isosceles - This is a type of triangle. I wanna say it’s the kind where two sides are the same length? I don’t remember why that’s important, though. High school really overestimates how often you’ll have to measure triangles as an adult. I haven’t had to deal with triangles in like 15 years but no joke, it was like 90% of my high school education.

Italic - When a word is kinda leaning to the right cuz you want someone to say it sarcastically. So if I was like, “Your hair looks so great,” that’d be a nice thing to say to a person. But if I was like, “Your hair looks so great,” I’d basically be saying, “Your hair looks like a big moist shit, you fucking idiot.”

Italicize - The act of using italics, which I already defined. God, the dictionary would be so much shorter if I didn’t have to define every fucking version of a word. It’s always like “love,” then “loved,” then “lovely,” “loving,” “lovingly, “lovinglyism.” Jesus. It’s like, just learn the root word and do the work yourself. I’m not your fucking mommy, you piece of shit. …...Sorry. I’m sorry. I’m not mad at you. I’m mad at the people forcing me to write this dictionary in a windowless room. Uggggggggh


J

Jab - A jab is somewhere between a poke and a punch. Here, I drew a graph:
<------------------------------------->
Poke	          Jab	       Punch

Jabber - When someone talks super fast but doesn’t make any sense. If I was like, (TALKING FAST) “I love food and dogs and history class is corn nuts wallaby fuck you Frodo Baggins for lunch,” you could be like, (TALKING NORMAL) “Now THAT’s what I call jabber.”

Jabberwocky - I’m pretty sure this is a popular dance crew.

Jabot - You’re on your own, pal.


Jacket - A coat-like jacket that you wear over your torso and arms when it’s pretty cold outside. Remember that Blink-182 album “Take Off Your Pants And Jacket.” That’s like a perfect Blink-182 joke. If you were one of the guys in the band and you came up with that, the other two guys would be jealous. They’d be like, “Fuck, I was trying to think of a masturbaton double-meaning name for our album too but all I came up with was ‘Get In The Yank Tank’ which isn’t really anything.”

Jade - Is it, like, a precious gemstone or something? Feels like I should know what this is since it’s just four letters. Hmmmmm. Fuuuuuuck. I know Jada Pinkett Smith is married to Will Smith. Can that count as me knowing what Jade means?

Jape - Huh?

Jangle - As far as I know, the only thing you can jangle is keys (?). It’s when you hold keys and kinda move them around so they make noise. No one is jangling other stuff. For example, here’s a list of things you can’t jangle: a meat lover’s pizza, a quesadilla, Snyder’s Honey Mustard & Onion Pretzel bites. Sorry, I’m really hungry. I haven’t eaten in two days.

Jaundice - It’s a condition where your skin turns yellow. So I guess everyone on The Simpsons has jaundice?

Jawless fish - I’m gonna risk it and say this is a fish without a jaw. Which makes me feel better about myself in a weird way. My life might suck and I might be forced to rewrite the dictionary for reasons never properly explained to me, but at least I’m not a fish without a jaw. It’s good to put things in perspective sometimes.

Jay - Oh, okay. I’m pretty sure it’s a bird, but I didn’t know there were other types of jay besides blue. Let’s just say a jay is a bird or a Leno.

Jazz - A genre of music that people pretend to like so they can seem smarter than you.

Jelly - Jellylike food that’s most commonly used in a peanut butter & jelly sandwich. Peanut butter’s the brown stuff. Jelly’s the other stuff. It’s the jelly.

Jet Lag - When you’re way tired and out of it cuz you just flew from like, fuckin’, Dayton to Bangladesh.

Jicama - Oh right. Forgot about that. I think it’s like those like vegetable shards that look like fries but are white. It’s pronounced “hickimuh.” You don’t really hear much about it. No one’s ever like, “Hey, you know what I could really go for right now? Some jicama.”

Jigsaw - A type of puzzle where it’s like a photo of Paris or a fuckload of tigers, but it’s cut up into like a billion little pieces that fit into each other, and you gotta put ‘em all together to make the photo that’s on the box. It’s a really aggravating way to spend a day, but when you’re done I guess it feels ok.

Jimmy - It’s mainly a name (Jimmy Fallon, Jimmy Buffett, etc.) but I think it’s also how you might break into a house. Like you have a crowbar and you jimmy the lock. And it’s Jimmy Carter’s house or something, I don’t know. I wouldn’t mind if this definition was over.

Jobholder - Someone who has a job. Probably should be called a “jobhaver.” But hey, I don’t make ‘em up, I just define ‘em.

Jockstrap - I just call it a cup. It’s that hard cup that you wear over your dick and balls so you don’t get your penis and balls all hurt. My little league baseball team shared one cup for whoever got to be the catcher, which is really messed up looking back on it. It’s very normal to wear a cup when you play sports, and very weird to wear in just everyday life. If you wear a jockstrap in everyday life, you must be expecting a lot of people to just come up to you and kick you in the balls, so that either means you’re extremely paranoid or just a total piece of shit.

Jog - Running but slower. You usually jog when you exercise and that’s about it. No one’s ever jogging in a high-intensity situation. Like if a cop’s chasing you and you want to get away, you shouldn’t jog. The cop would probably catch up to you, arrest you, and then be like, “Umm… just curious, why were you jogging?”

Joker - The only guy in Medieval England with a sense of humor. They wear tights and one of those weird joker hats with bells on the end. They dance and mock people and engage in mischief and buffoonery, all in an effort to show you that the world doesn’t need to be taken so seriously. But they also come on a little too strong to the point that you’re like, “Okay dude, take it down a notch.”

Jonquil - I feel like it’s either a type of flower or a cough medicine.

Journal - A diary but for adults. This word exists so that you don’t have to be a 42-year-old person who writes in a diary.

Jubilee - A big party that celebrates something that’s been around for like 50 years. There’s usually way too many balloons at these things. Waaaaay too many.

Judgment - When you have to use your brain to make a decision about something. I once went to a wedding where the bride and the groom were doing that thing where they feed each other cake, but they clearly hadn’t discussed beforehand that they were going to do that, so they started bickering and just didn’t eat the cake. It was my judgment that those two people should not have gotten married. My Uncle Phillip ended up eating the first slice of cake, btw.

Judith - The name “Judith” is in the dictionary? Why? This has to be a mistake, right?

Judo - This is kinda like karate, where two people in white pajamas fight each other. I don’t know the rules, but I do know “judo chop” is a thing cuz of Austin Powers. It’s when you smack someone with the side of your hand in a fast, mean way. I think judo is a Japanese thing but it might be Chinese (?). I’m sorry if that’s offensive. I don’t mean anything by it, I’m just a dumbass.

Juggle - When you toss a bunch of the same thing in the air, but just to yourself. It’s often seen in magic shows and at kids’ birthday parties, and rightfully so. Juggling’s fucking cool. I can juggle. Just kidding, I can’t.

Jugular - This is a vein in your throat-neck area that gushes crazy amounts of blood if it gets cut. It’s easily the most famous vein you DON’T want to get sliced open. People die in movies that way all the time. The second worst vein to get sliced is the femoral vein, which is in your thigh. But it doesn’t come up in movies much. If the bad guy in a movie just went around slicing thighs, people would ask the theater for a refund.

Juicy - Two things: 1) When something has juice in it. You could describe a peach as being juicy. But you wouldn’t describe juice as being juicy cuz it already is juice. If you said, “This juice is juicy,” people might think you haven’t passed 1st grade. If you had a glass of juice, I guess you could say that the glass is juicy. But wait, no, don’t do that. 2) The juicy details of something are the hot/explicit parts. So two coworkers fucking is pretty standard, but if they fuck on the boss’s desk after everyone has left, that’s juicy. Shit, I just got 10% chub.

Jukebox - That old classic machine that plays lots of music selections. These days, they’ve been replaced by a computer that has every song known to man. But when I was younger, it was like 30 CD’s, all of which were, like, “The Bangles’ Greatest Hits.”

Jumpsuit - An outfit that’s just one big piece of clothes, mainly worn by either stylish women or, like, astronauts?

June - The month of June. June 3rd, for example.

Junction - I think this is where a couple roads meet. Every so often when you’re driving, you’ll see a sign that says like, “JUNCTION 57,” and you’re like, ok thanks? I don’t know what that means, but I’m sure that’s helpful info for someone. Maybe truck drivers need to know where junctions are? Otherwise, no one’s wandering around like, “Where’s JUNCTION 57?!”

Jurisdiction - This is a judge’s ability to say what’s right and wrong. They only have jurisdiction in a certain area. So if you’re a county judge in Utah, you have jurisdiction in your county in Utah. I’ve always been confused about judges. How do you become one? Do you go from being a lawyer to being a judge? Do you like, graduate up a level? Did they do such a good job as a lawyer that someone was like, “Here, wear this robe and sit up front. You have good judgment?” Or is it totally different? While lawyers are in law school, are judges in judge school?

Jury nullification - This one’s easy. You look up the definition of “jury,” then you look up the definition of “nullification” and figure it out for yourself. 

Just - Oh man, this is about to suck. I honestly don’t even know how to define it. It’s a word that you use in a sentence when you’re trying to say that something’s, like, not even something else. Like, “Kimmy can’t become the CEO of Starbucks, she’s just a barista.” Just is like saying “only.” Like she’s only a barista. (Not that that’s bad - my cousin’s neighbor is a barista, and she and I hooked up one time - just some over-the-shirt stuff.) Just is kind of like “but.” You’re pulling it back a little bit. Like, “Dudes, I want to play ultimate frisbee with you, it’s just that I got oral surgery yesterday and I’m still a little loopy.” Was that a crappy example? Or wait, just is also if you’re trying to say that something happened five seconds ago. Like, “I just bought an off-road motorcycle helmet” would mean that you bought the helmet like a minute ago. Or it could be a day ago, or a week ago, or even a month ago. Two months, you’re probably pushing it. Like if you bought an off-road motorcycle helmet two months ago, you didn’t just buy it. Stop trying to impress people. Phew. Okay, all in all I’d say I actually did a pretty good job with this one. Oh wait, just also means morally right.

K
Kabuki - I actually totally know this, while also not knowing this at all. The knowing this part is that it is a type of Japanese theater. The not knowing this part is that I know literally nothing else about it.

Kaleidoscope - It’s a tube that when you twist it, you basically see desktop screensavers.

Kamikaze - When a (Japanese?) pilot has a mission where they crash their plane into something. For a casual observer, it might look like the pilot just sucks at flying planes, but no - they did that on purpose. It was a suicide mission. Seems like a pretty crappy job if you ask me. Like, “Hey, what do you do?” “I’m a consultant. What about you?” “I fly a plane into enemy ships, killing myself in the process.” Being a consultant’s definitely a less exciting career, but I guarantee you’ll live longer.

Karate - A style of Japanese fighting where you wear comfortable-looking white shirts and pants, and then there’s like a different color of belt depending on what level you’re at. There’s a ton of chopping, a bunch of kicking, and an assload of discipline. I was never a kid who did much karate. Peter Alonzi was, and he was, like, way more disciplined than an 8-year-old should be.

Kazoo - A tiny but loud mouth-instrument that seems like it was intentionally designed to bother people. It’s like if those birthday party blowers had sex with a bunch of static. If you take up the kazoo, you’re basically saying to the world, “I do not want you to like me.” It’s hard to write how things sound, but if I had to say what a kazoo sounds like, I’d say it sounds like, “Dfffvvvvihfvvidhfffiiihhhdfhhhviivvvvv.”

Keep-Away - Ugh, it’s that awful game where the whole thing is just a bunch of people not letting the person in the middle have the ball. If you’re in the middle you feel bullied, and if you’re on the outside you just feel gross.

Kerchief - I think it’s like the material that a handkerchief is made out of. Or maybe it’s like a handkerchief but not exclusively for the hand. But I have no idea what you would do with such a thing.

Key - The thing you put in a keyhole to open a door or start a car. A key is also a little island, like Key West. I went to Key West as a kid and saw a homeless guy pissing on the street. I think that was the first time I saw a grown man’s penis.

Keyhole - A hole you put a key in. Sometimes in scary movies, someone will look through a keyhole and see something scary and you’ll see their eye through the hole in a cool, artsy shot. But to be honest I’ve never actually seen a keyhole that’s big enough to look through.

Keystone - This is the only beer my college friends could afford so we drank it constantly. It sucks. We’d get a few 24-packs for 10 bucks a piece and drink all night and it straight up tasted like stale water. Imagine trying to get drunk off Lipton iced tea you found on the ground. That’s Keystone. 

Khaki - The lamest type of pants. It has way too cool of a name for what it is. It’s basically like pants you wear to a bris or to a boat brunch.

Khoum - This is the first time I’ve ever seen this word.

KIA - This means “killed in action” (sad) but it’s also that car with the dancing hamsters (cool/funny).

Kickshaw - This is that thing on train tracks you have to pump to make it move. Wait, no, that’s a rickshaw. Fuck.

Kickstand - That thin metal bar that you kick down when you park your bike and it somehow supports the entire bike.

Killjoy - Someone who spoils everyone else’s fun. Like if someone was like, “I made caesar salads for everyone!” and everyone’s like “Yay!” a killjoy would walk up and be like, “I heard there was an E. coli outbreak in lettuce this week. Six people have been hospitalized and officials are asking locals to abstain from eating salad.” I mean, eating salad isn’t fun in the first place, but you fucking get it.

Kiln - An oven used for baking pottery. I wonder what would happen if you tried to bake some scones in there. I bet you’d be fine. They’re just scones.

Kilt - A skirt worn by Scotish men. It’s 2019, so it’s probably not cool to make fun of men with kilts anymore, but Google image search “kilt” and take a look at one of those clowns.

Kindling - I think this is one of the Kardashian sisters.

Kinema - Uh… a movie theater for... your family?

Kinetic - When you’re moving around a lot. Like when you’re running and jumping and doing jumping jacks. You know, kinetic activity.

King Crab - Ummm… I think it’s like the king of all the crabs? Like you don’t wanna fuck with a crab, but you really don’t wanna fuck with a king crab. My buddy Lew once got bit by a regular crab. We all remember cuz he screamed, “AH! My biggest toe!” which we all thought was super weird cuz he specified which toe it was.

Kiosk - These are those small desks in the middle of malls where some guy tries to sell you a phone case or a tiny light-up drone and you’re like, please leave me alone, I just want a pretzel from Auntie Anne’s.

Kitchen - The room where your fridge is. Some people cook stuff in the kitchen, but I don’t really cook. It takes a while and then you have to clean everything up. Seamless is better.

Kitchenette - A kitchen but smaller? Probably easier to just have a regular kitchen.

Kitchen police - Uhh, I know what a kitchen is and I know what police are, but I’ve never heard of “kitchen police.” Is it police officers who only deal with kitchen-related crimes? What would that even look like? Like, if someone steals your spatula? Like, “Hello operator, yes, please send the kitchen police. Someone shot my colander.” (??)

Kiwi - A fuzzy brown fruit that’s green and white on the inside with a bunch of little black seeds.

Kiwifruit - Wait, what the fuck?

Knee - The bone in the center of your leg, right where the knee is.

Knell - I feel bad that I don’t know what this is cuz it only has five letters. This feels like one of those words where if someone else was looking at the word and trying to define it, I’d instantly know what it was. But because it’s me defining it, I can’t remember. And the more I look at it, the more I’m like, “Wait, what the fuck is knell?” Maybe it’s when your knee swells up? Like you fall off a horse and get a knell? I don’t know.

Knock - When you make a fist and tap on a door with your knuckles. Usually you do it two or three times. It’s super weird to just knock once. Try it. See?

Knockout - 1) When you punch someone so fucking hard that they’re either unconscious or they lose the boxing match that you are currently in. 2) A very 1991 way to say that a woman is hot. Like, “Hey Marshall, look at Ms. August washing that car in that red bikini. She’s a total knockout!”

Knowing - I think this is only used when it’s about two people sharing a “knowing glance.” Like if Dave and Karen were at a board meeting and Karen raised her eyebrows, and Dave raised his eyebrows back, that’s a knowing glance and it means they wanna fuck each other.

Knowledgeable - This means you know lots of shit. My friend Tyler Reever’s dad was a beekeeper so he knew way too much about bees. You’d go over to Tyler’s house and hope that his dad wasn’t around cuz if he was he’d be like, “Did you know that bees have five eyes? Did you know that a Queen Bee can produce 2,000 eggs per day? Did you know that male bees have bigger eyes to help them find the Queen Bee?”And we would just be like, “Uhh, can you drive us to Shake Shack now?”

KO - This stands for “knockout,” like in boxing. I don’t think it stands for anything else. Oh wait, maybe “Keith Olbermann.”

Koala - Tiny bears that live in Australia and climb trees all day. They don’t look like bears, though. In fact, I think they’re not actually bears. That’s one of those “Did You Know?” facts that always comes up and you’re like, “Huh. I guess that’s kinda interesting.” Anyway, someone told me once that koalas are fucking VICIOUS. You wouldn’t expect it cuz they’re adorable, but if you take their bamboo stick or whatever, they’ll rip your eyes out. I swear. Google it.

Koi - This is a type of fish. They’re usually orange and white and kinda fat. I don’t know if I’m using this right - or if I’m allowed to use it - but I think koi are kinda “thicc,” if that makes sense. When I was a kid, my family stayed at an Embassy Suites that had a small koi pond in the lobby and I remember thinking, “We must be rich cuz this is the fanciest hotel I have ever seen.”

Kolinsky - Would you believe me if I said this was an Asian weasel? Cuz I just Googled it and this is an Asian weasel.

Kosher - A word that Jews use to say whether or not something’s okay to eat. An example of kosher would be fresh apples. An example of not kosher would be a pig with shellfish stuffed in its mouth.

Kudos - Something you say to someone when they did something pretty good, but not, like, earth-shatteringly good. Like if someone got a promotion at work, you’d be like, “Kudos.” But if someone saved like 50 people from a fire, you wouldn’t be like, “Kudos.”


L

Label - A paper or sticker that you put on something to say what that thing is. A lot of times you don’t need the label. You can just be like, “Those are clearly pens.” But sometimes a label can actually help, like if there’s two cups and one says “Poison” and the other says “Not Poison.” You should definitely drink the one that says “Not Poison.” There’s no way that one is filled with poison.

Lackadaisical - Holy shit, I actually know this. It means lazy. Fucking score. I know it cuz in high school I remember being like, “Damn, that’s a long ass word for ‘lazy.’” 

Ladle - Another word for dipper.

Ladylike - An appropriate way for a woman to act. It’s mostly used by southern people between World Wars I and II. Like, “Oh my, Elizabeth! You must remember to curtsy before leaving the room. That was not very ladylike.” If you’re looking for a way to get yelled at or shoved a lot, I’d recommend going from woman to woman at a gay bar and telling them that they’re not being very ladylike. 

Lagniappe - Oh Jesus. It kinda looks like something you’d order at Starbucks. Like, “Can I have a double mocha lagniappe?” Or maybe it’s a province in Italy? I’m so tired of defining words I’ve never seen before. I feel like a fucking idiot.

Lamé - Not the same as lame. It has that accent mark over the E, which means it’s pronounced with an accent over the E. That being said, I do not know what lamé means.

Laminate - When you sort of like, plasticfy (?) a paper cuz you’re worried it’ll get damaged. I think you need a laminator to do this but I have no idea who makes laminators. It’s gotta be the worst job in the world. That’s probably why the root word is “lame.” You’re making the lamest thing (a piece of paper) even lamer (by covering it in plastic). Heh. Good discovery by me. Okay, next word.

Landslide - 1) When there’s a vote and one candidate kicks another candidate’s ass and it’s not even close. If you ran for President and you only won Vermont or something, that means you lost by a landslide. It also means you should take the hint and leave politics. 2) It’s something with actual land. Maybe that it slides?

Lanyard - A cloth necklace thing that you can hang your keys or a nametag on. They usually have a random logo on them, like “MONSTER ENERGY DRINK” or “NOTRE DAME FOOTBALL.” I’ve had my keys on a “SHERWIN-WILLIAMS” lanyard for like 15 years and I’m pretty sure it’s starting to grow black mold.

Lap - 1) The part of your body that’s-- well actually, wait. It’s not really part of your body. It’s basically your thighs, but it’s sort of, like, the nothingness (?) that’s on your thighs, if that makes sense? You know the part of Santa that kids sit on? That’s his lap. So just imagine that thing, but everyone has one. 2) When you make a loop when you’re running. They could’ve called it a loop, but they went with lap. 3) To slurp something up. A dog might lap up some water, or a cat might lap up some milk. Wait, hold on. I don’t think I did a good job with the first definition of this word.

Larceny - I think this means theft. 

Lark - I feel like it’s one of those small beautiful birds that appears on the windowsill of a princess who’s in love? You know what I’m talking about? And they sing maybe? And they’re completely harmless. Like, if you’re a princess in love, you’re not gonna be attacked to death by a lark.

Late - When you’re not on time for something cuz maybe there was a traffic jam or you overslept. Late is also what you call dead people. Like, the late Eddie Money. That seems mean to me, though, to call Eddie Money late. My Uncle Remus once took me to an Eddie Money concert in Madison, and not only was Eddie Money not late, he was, like, noticeably early. Like it seemed like he was in a hurry for some reason. I just remember he closed the show by playing a pretty fast version of “Two Tickets To Paradise,” and then he didn’t do an encore. He just said thanks, handed his guitar to the drummer, and left.

Latrine - A toilet, but definitely not a toilet you wanna be using. I can go into details, but I want to still have an appetite today.

Latvian - Someone from Latvia. Latvia is a country in Europe. It’s one of those tiny countries like Bosnia (?) or Serbia where you’re not sure if it sucks there or is really fancy. There’s like 20 countries in Europe like that. Like Estonia. What goes on in Estonia? Does it suck there? Or is everyone rich? What’s their deal? All these places are kinda, like, Russia-adjacent, if that makes sense? It’s like, a bunch of white(?) people, but I don’t trust them for some reason.

Law - The official rules for being alive. There’s like a billion of them so it’s hard not to break some. But as long as a cop didn’t see it, you should be fine. I once hit four teenagers with my Toyota Sienta, but it’s cuz they were blocking the Best Buy exit I think as a joke and I was running super late to my nephew’s christening. It was a  lot, so I couldn’t have been going more than 15 MPH, and I just rammed their legs. Also, I think one of ‘em got out of the way just in time. So nothing that bad. But yeah, hitting them with my Sienta was probably against the law, I just didn’t report it. Normally I’d feel worried that someone will see this and it’ll result in legal action, but I am so frustratingly certain that not one of you fuckers on Planet Earth will ever read this.

Leaf - Right. They’re on trees. They’re usually green, but they can turn different colors and fall off when they die. Leaves are like the most plant-y plant, I guess? They come in different shapes and sizes and they have little veins to help them drink water and sometimes we eat them. What else do you need to know about leaves? Canada has a maple leaf on their flag, I guess. Oh, you can also “leaf” through a book. That’s when you, like, turn the pages of a book? But if someone is saying “leaf,” they’re probably talking about the classic plant stuff I mentioned earlier.

Leaflet - I think it’s just like a single piece of paper with information on a topic, like how to avoid getting chlamydia or something. It’s hard to imagine something sounding smaller and weaker than a “leaflet.” It’s like a whisper you can read.

Learn - When you see information and it stays in your brain. Last week I learned that a shrimp’s heart is in its head.

Left - Huh… I guess it’s like… west? Yeah, it’s a more common word for west. That checks out. Left is also the past tense of “leave.” So you could say stuff like, “Shit, I LEFT my wallet at Cracker Barrel” or “My fiance LEFT me for my best friend Trevor.”

Legion - I think it’s, like, an assload of soldiers but from 6,000 years ago. They’re the kind of soldiers that have shields and armor and helmets. Much less effective than guns and bombs. Armies today would kick legions’ asses.

Lei - (Pron: LAY) A flower necklace that Hawaiians throw over your head when you land in Hawaii. At least I think they do that cuz it happens in every TV show where someone lands in Hawaii. I love that every TV show runs out of ideas so in season eight they’re like, “Fuck it, everyone goes to Hawaii.”

Lemon - A sour, yellow fruit. My Aunt Carol used to do this thing at restaurants where she’d get a glass of water then ask the waiter for a couple lemon slices and sugar packets and then she’d make her own lemonade for free. She was cheap as hell.

Lemonade - Lemons in juice form. Sometimes kids have lemonade stands on the side of the street where they sell lemonade for a nickel on a hot summer day. I’ve never actually seen kids do that, but it happens in movies a lot. Lemonade is also what old-timey women bring on a tray when a bunch of men are doing construction or something. That’s also a movie thing, I think.

Lemur - A small, skinny monkey with black and white fur that lives in… Africa? They’ve got big spooky eyes, and you know how some monkeys are standard monkey size? Like, almost the size of a human? Well lemurs are more like, baby sized. They’re maybe two feet tall, but they have a full adult monkey body, if that makes sense. It’d be like if you had a baby but that baby was razor thin, covered in hair, and instead of burping and flopping around, it could run really fast and climb trees. 

Lentil - A small bean and/or seed (?) that you can eat. They’re round and flat and green-brownish and squishy and they come in soups and salads and they look kinda boring and gross but I actually enjoy them quite a bit and yeah okay that’s all you need to know about lentils I think.

Letter - The alphabet has letters like “A, B, C” but you can also write a letter to someone. People don’t really write letters now because they can just text but back in the day, people would be like, “Dearest Margaret, war is hard and I miss your loving embrace. Yours truly, Reginald Peckerington IV.”

Lettuce - Green stuff that you eat that’s basically nothing. It’s in pretty much every salad. It makes a cool satisfying crunch sound sometimes, and I think that might be the only reason people eat it, cuz aside from that it’s seriously, like, nothing.

Leviathan - Something really big. But I’ve only heard it used to describe whales. Anything else would feel weird. Like if someone pointed at a hot air balloon like, “That thing’s a leviathan!” everyone would be like, “Did that guy just use the whale word to describe a balloon?”

Liaison - A connector person. It’s sort of complicated to describe and I’m feeling kinda lazy. Or should I say, “liazy.” Heh. Nice.

Libido - A more Freudian way of describing how horny you are.

License - A little card that gives you permission to do something. You can use your license to get into a bar and get drunk. Then if you drive home, the cop might pull you over and ask you for the very same license that you used to get drunk. Sometimes it almost seems like the world is acting against me.

Lickety-split - To do something as quickly as possible. Like, if we were two old-timey bank robbers, and the bank teller lady was putting money in the bag, and all the bank-goers were cowering on the ground, but then we suddenly hear police sirens in the distance, I’d look at you and be like, “We gotsta get outta here lickety-split.”

Lifeguard - The person who sits by the side of the pool or in that giant tower chair on the beach and watches the water and jumps in to save you if you’re drowning. It’s hard to think of a job that would suck more. You’re either sitting there for hours doing nothing or you’re finally doing something but someone’s drowning and might die. It’s a real lose-lose. Can’t believe they made a whole TV show about lifeguards. Were people, like, drowning every week on that show? It’s like, if people are drowning that often, maybe… I don’t know… shut down that beach?

Lifeworld - What? This is a word? I refuse to define this word. I just want to be pissed at it for existing. Fucking lifeworld. You kidding me with this shit?

Lightning - A bolt of fucking electricity from the fucking sky that I think can kill you. It can either kill you, or like, just give you super frizzy hair. But still, the fact that it even happens seems like a fucking God joke.

Light Year - A unit of measurement that I’m pretty sure measures how fast light travels in a year? As far as why light is even traveling in the first place, your guess is as good as mine. I’m so confused about this concept. Doesn’t light just stay there? Like you turn a light on, and it stays put, right? Can I just start this definition over and say it’s the dude Tim Allen plays in Toy Story? No? I can’t? Why?

Limit - The amount of something you’re allowed to have or do or whatever. Like if you’re driving, and you see a sign that says “SPEED LIMIT 65,” that means you can’t go above 65. Except that’s kind of a shitty example, cuz most people are going like 75. So I guess a limit is the amount of something you’re allowed to have or do or whatever, but then add 10 to it.

Limonite - Sounds like a rock, right? Words that end in “onite” feel super rock-y to me. Because I have no fucking clue what kind of rock it is, let’s say it’s a rock that smells like lemon and move on to the next word.

Limousine - Usually called a limo, it’s those super long cars used by rich-ass rich people and suburban teens on their way to Prom. They’re really cool. They have a bar, cool lighting, sunroof, comfy leather seats that smell like new car, and that cool-ass partition window that goes up and down. It’s a real “fuck you” to the driver, but if you’re riding in a limo you’re probably already a dickhead, so that’s sort of expected.

Line - It’s like a stick (?) that you draw? If you have a pen in your hand and you put it down on paper and you hold the pen down but move it to the side, that’s a line. A line is also a bunch of people waiting for something. So if you’re at Six Flags and it takes an hour and five minutes to get on the ride, the reason why is because you’re in a long line. You can buy the Flash Pass, which lets you switch to the shorter line, but I tried that last summer, and it turns out everyone’s buying the Flash Pass now. So I basically paid like $55 to go to a slightly shorter line. I don’t know, man, America’s falling apart.

Linebacker - Damn, we’re really doing this? Defining specific players on the football field? Okay, fine. I’m pretty sure linebacker is on defense. You know when the QB hikes the ball, and there’s like ten 600-pound men just grabbing each other and, like, looking busy? One of those guys is the linebacker I think.

Lioness - A female lion. They look just like male lions but they don’t have that big beard (?) around their whole head.

Lip - The squishy pink lines on either side of your mouth. Sometimes people will smoosh their lips together with someone else because they’re horny.

Listen - To listen to something. It’s really easy to listen. All you have to do is use your ears, and they kind of use themselves automatically. No buttons involved or anything. Fuck you, you know what listening it.

Listless - I think it means you’re just sitting there staring out the window like a sad doofus, but it might also mean that you can’t find your list?

Lithosphere - I think it’s one of the layers of the earth. It’s not the atmosphere; otherwise it’d be called atmosphere. Let’s say it’s the layer that’s underneath all the sand?

Llama - They’re one of those camel goat sheep alpaca animals. Kind of like a goat if you extended their neck. Or like a camel if you whac-a-mole’d the humps away.

Loathe - To hate someone, but like, you hate them so much that you need a beautiful-sounding word to accurately express just how much you hate them so that it feels good to say how much you hate them. You loathe someone with every fiber of your being. Like, you hate Adam Levine, but you loathe Bill Maher. Actually, you also loathe Adam Levine. They both fucking suck.

Locavore - OK I just Googled it and this means “someone who only eats local.” Sure. Like, how herbivores only eat plants. I can’t imagine anyone I respect being like, “I’m a locavore.” That person is a douchebag, even though eating local is a good thing to do. I don’t know. It’s like saying, “I’m a recycletarian.” It’s like, sure, we should all recycle, but if you invent a new word to brag about how good you are at it, you probably suck shit.

Lodge - A woodsy cabinlike houseish sort of thing. A lot of lodgestayers love to ski. Like you’ll hang out at the lodge and then go skiing. Or maybe you’ll go skiing, then hang out at the lodge. Either way, if you’re skiing, there’s like a 94% chance there’s a lodge involved. Now that I think about it, I can’t even imagine a lodgeless ski sesh.

Lodged - When you get a weird thing stuck in a weird place. Our super fat neighbor Mrs. Humphrey once apparently got a remote control lodged in her vagina. And for some reason firemen showed up instead of EMTs? I guess if it’s a remote control in a vagina, it’s a fire thing?? Anyway, she said she just “slept on the couch wrong,” but the whole town’s pretty sure she was using that remote control as a dildo.

Loft - It’s one of those apartments that feels like it used to be a giant garage or something. They’re pretty cool and spacious, actually, even though you half-expect a hundred warehouse employees to kick you out of bed at 6 in the morning.

Loganberry - I guess it’s a type of berry, but feels more like a guy’s name. Like “Hi, I’m Logan Berry.” I knew a Michael Berry once. He fucking sucked. He’d listen to ICP and look at porno mags way after when that was a normal thing to do. He used to piss on his stepdad’s toothbrush. His stepdad sucked even more than him, but come on, there are some lines you shouldn’t cross.

Loincloth - The little piece of brown cloth that goes over someone’s junk. The only person I know who’s worn a loincloth is Tarzan. I mean, I don’t know Tarzan, but you get what I mean.

Long-winded - This is a word that has a specific meaning, and I will tell you that meaning because this is a dictionary and I am supposed to tell you what specific words mean. Okay, it’s nearly time for me to tell you what it means. Here we go: Long-winded means when you take forever to say something. (See how fucking annoying that was? Don’t be long-winded.)

Loop - It’s like a thing that goes forward and then circles around backwards and then drops down and goes forward again. Fuck, that sucked. Oh wait! You know when a roller coaster goes upside down? That’s a loop. Nice! I saved it.

Loquacious - When someone talks a lot. Holy shit, I can’t believe I actually know that.

Loud - Noises that make you want to yell, “WILL YOU FUCKING SHUT THE FUCK UP, GODAMNIT?!?!? WHAT THE FUCK?!?? WHAT THE FUCKING FUCK?!??!?! WHAT THE LIVING FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU?!!?!??!” Or something can be just a little loud.

Lovebird - I’m not sure if this is a real bird or not. I think it is. I think it’s a bird that tries to bone other birds by doing its mating call a lot. And now the term “lovebirds” is used to describe human couples who are clearly horny for each other. My college roommates were lovebirds. They would bang like forty times a day, and it was always loud and awkward. But joke’s on them, cuz now they have two kids named Juniper and Gulliver, and they’re both the fucking WORST.

Lowlife - A piece of shit, but more of the “dirtbag” variety. Lowlifes are often scumbags or creeps. Whereas a regular piece of shit might curse and spit at a waiter, a lowlife would be out in the alley behind that restaurant, wreaking of gin and jerking off on some wet boxes while a rat looks on.

Lozenge - One of those small candies that’s basically a cough drop. They’re actually pretty good. I’d be lying if I said I haven’t eaten a lozenge as just a regular snack.

Lunatic - A fucking crazy person. But, like, a particular kind of crazy person. A lunatic will skip around the village, naked from the waist down, singing stuff like, “Tra la loo la lay” for absolutely no reason at all.

Lurch - To sort of, like, slowly wobble? Lurching forward feels like something. You never really hear about people lurching from side to side, or lurching backwards. If you’re gonna lurch, I think it’s gotta be forward. I think there was an Addams Family character named lurch. I can’t tell you who he was or what he did, but I’m guessing he lurched a lot?

Lymphoma - It’s one of those things that doctors diagnose you with that’s not good. I guess if you’re getting diagnosed with something, it’s almost always not good. No doctor is ever like, “Bill, I am diagnosing you with incredible skin.”

Lynch - Yikes, okay. This is when a mob of racist white people would chase down black people and hang them. I can’t believe that was a thing. People are fucking evil. I think technically you can “lynch” anyone of any race if you don’t like them, but people only think of the racist stuff when they hear the word. Some people have the last name “Lynch” and I’m always like -- Jesus Christ, change your name. You might as well be named Jeff KKK.



M
Macabre - I could tell you I know what this means, but I’d be lying to your face. I’m pretty sure it’s a negative word, and it might have something to do with death, so maybe don’t roll up to a party and be like “Hey Stephanie! You’re looking mighty macabre today!”

Macaque - OK, I’m like 95% sure this is a monkey but the other 5% of me wants to say it’s a bird. Wait, no, that’s a macaw. OK, macaque means monkey. Final answer.

Macaroni - This is the most popular type of pasta by FAR. Spaghetti is also up there, but I’d have to give the top spot to macaroni for sure. Its biggest credit is “macaroni and cheese.” I don’t think many people are wolfing down macaroni without the cheese. That’d be like eating pancakes without syrup or jelly without peanut butter. I’m assuming “Macaroni” is some village in Italy where they first hand-crafted macaroni. They were like, “Mamma mia, I made-a new shape-a da pasta! Antonio! Isabella! Leonardo! Get in-a here and try-a my new a-pasta! It goes great-a with cheese!” 

Machine Gun - One of those big guns that shoots a thousand bullets in a row. They’re very cool in video games and completely terrifying in actual life. You shouldn’t own a machine gun unless you’re in a war. And even if you’re in a war, I guess you don’t technically “own” the gun. Right? Or do you? Do you have to give your gun back after the war is over, or can you keep it? I never even thought about that.

Madras - I’ve never seen this word in my life. It looks Spanish. Wait, can I say that? Is it racist to say a word looks Spanish? Shit. I don’t mean to racially profile this word, but it kinda looks like “madre” and “Madrid.” Let me Google in. Ah fuck, it’s a cloth from India. I hope no one sees this definition.

Maelstrom - Hm. I… I don’t know. I’m just brainstorming here, but I wanna say this is… a department store? Like Nordstrom, but worse.

Magazine - This has two meanings. First up, it’s a publication filled with pictures, articles, ads and perfume samples. You know… a magazine. There are magazines for everything: sports, gardening, science, cats, porn, whatever. The other meaning of magazine is a gun thing. A gun’s magazine is where bullets go. I don’t know who decided these two very different things should both be called “magazine,” but here we are. What are you gonna do about it?

Magnet - A thing that attracts metal and other magnets, too. The famous magnets are the ones that look like horseshoes but part of them is red and the other part is white. You know what I’m talking about.

Magniloquent - This one’s over my head. I’m assuming it’s the combination of “magnificent” and “eloquent,” so I guess it means “really good?” No one fucking uses this word.

Mahogany - This is a famous kind of wood. Top ten woods, for sure. People go nuts for it. Every time I turn on HGTV, some couple is raving about the “mahogany.” I can’t imagine caring that much about wood. I’d be so bad on those shows. They’d be like, “What do you think of the wood?” and I’d be like, “It’s… good?”

Maidservant - Seems like a euphemism for “slave,” to be honest. Feels like they abolished slavery so a bunch of terrible rich white people had to be like, “Uh, this isn’t our slave. She’s our, uh… maidservant?” and everyone was like “OK cool, checks out.”

Mail - The stuff in your mailbox that’s addressed to you. Like, bills and junk mail and flyers and wedding invitations. It’s usually garbage that you throw away, but you’re like, fuck, can I throw this away if it has my name on it? Will someone dig through my trash and steal my identity? Also, why are stamps so expensive? I hate mail.  

Mailbox - A box for mail. Why did you look this up? 

Mainframe - This is a super important computer thing (?) that people always try to hack into in movies. A government official is like, “We have to stop the Russians from launching that missile,” and his assistant is like, “But sir, there’s no time,” but then he’s like, “There’s only one way. We have to… hack into the mainframe,” and the assistant is like, “But how? It’s impossible,” and he’s like, “I know just the person...” Then they hard-cut to a nerdy white guy who’s, like, eating pizza rolls and jerking off. So then he meets up with the government and clicks his keyboard super fast and hacks into the mainframe. As far as I can tell, all you have to do to hack into the mainframe is click the keyboard for a while, then put in the passcode. You usually have about thirty seconds to get it right or the world will end, but I’ve never seen a movie where the hacker didn’t get it right. That’d be so fucking funny. If the hacker was like, “Um, this is too hard,” then the world explodes.

Maintain - To keep doing something the way you’re already doing it. You can maintain eye contact or a relationship or an erection or a grudge or control. You really didn’t need five examples, but whatever.

Maize - This is another word for corn that nobody uses. They only use it when they’re like, “Did you know there’s another word for corn that nobody uses? It’s maize.” This is kind of a tangent, but you know how there are corn mazes? Well if maize is another word for corn, why don’t we call them “maize mazes”? Isn’t that weird?

Malevolent - I see this word every so often and I’m like “I should look this up.” I think it means evil, but I could be totally wrong about that.

Mall - A giant building that has a bunch of stores in it. Sunglass Hut, Banana Republic, Bath & Body Works. A lot of those weird Boost Mobile kiosks. High-ceilinged perfume rooms. There’s usually a food court. Malls suck.

Mallard - I think this is, like, the main duck. Like, the duck you think of first when you think of ducks. 

Yeah, like this. Duck 101.

Malleable - I think this means when something is like… flexible? Like, you can sculpt it and make it different without breaking it. Like when blacksmiths heat up metal and it gets all red and bendy? That hot metal is “malleable” cuz you can mess with its shape. They also do that with glass. I went to a glass blowing workshop once, and it scared the crap out of me. Imagine getting hot drippy glass on your skin. Can you imagine? That level of risk doesn’t seem worth it for some dumb ass glass vase. I mean, you do you, but I’m not that thirsty for bendy glass bullshit.

Mammogram - This is a medical exam women receive to test for breast cancer, but it’d also be a fun name for a social media app that’s just pictures of boobs. :)

Manatee - A big water animal that’s known for getting hit by boats. I saw a few manatees at the zoo once. They’re just fat, gray blobs that float around and eat lettuce. I don’t understand why they’re so fat if all they eat is lettuce. It’s not like they have salad dressing and croutons or anything. It’s just bare ass lettuce. They must have a really bad metabolism or something? Damn, it must fucking suck to be a manatee. All you do is eat lettuce and get hit by boats and at the end of the day, you’re still a giant fatass. 

Mandible - I’m pretty sure this is a fancy word for “jaw.” I knew a kid in middle school named Caleb Klark, and he had to get his jaw wired shut after a car accident. He drank his lunch with a straw for like a month and we’d poke fun at him by constantly asking him questions. We’d be like, “Caleb, how do you feel about this?” and he couldn’t say anything cuz his mouth was wired shut. He’d laugh, then wince cuz laughing hurt. I think he recently moved to Sarasota and adopted two kids with his super religious wife.

Manicure - When you get your nails done. My mom used to drag me to her manicures and I thought it was the worst. She’d make small talk with the lady behind the counter while I got high off nail polish smell. My mom enjoyed getting them, and I guess that’s all that matters. I don’t talk to my mom nearly enough, and it makes me feel guilty. I’m a bad son.

Manila - I think it’s a type of paper (?) that’s manila-colored. Like you know those beige-ish, manila envelopes? Those things are manila. The only other thing I can think of that’s manila is the place where Muhammad Ali had some famous fight - “The Thrilla in Manila.” It’s weird that the most exciting boxing match of all time has something in common with the most boring office supply of all time.

The Thrilla in Manila Envelope

Mansard - I think this is a type of roof. It also sounds like something someone I went to high school with would name their dumb kid.

Manslaughter - When you kill someone, but it’s not as bad cuz it wasn’t premeditated. Premeditated murder is super fucked up. And manslaughter definitely sucks. Like don’t go out and do it. But, like, I dunno… it’s not THAT bad. (SIDENOTE - I just Google searched “how many years for manslaughter” and at first I got worried that it could be traced back to me, but then I remembered that it’s a moot point because manslaughter isn’t premeditated. So I’m fine. See? Manslaughter’s not THAT bad.)

Manure - A massive pile of horse or cow shit. People usually step in manure and say something like, “Great, I stepped in fucking horse manure!” (Sidenote - this doesn’t really have to do with the definition, but remember Manute Bol? That 7’7” NBA player. I always felt bad for him because in addition to being way too tall for this world, his name was just one letter off from “manure.” His name was almost Manure Bol, which is almost Manure Bull, which is almost Bull Manure. How insane would that have been if the tallest basketball player in history was named Bull Manure?)

Margarine - Butter that’s not butter. It’s butter-y, but it’s not butter. The best example is that product “I Can’t Believe It’s Not Butter.” I always liked that name. It’s funny. And a lot catchier than “It’s Margarine.”

Marigold - I’m pretty sure it’s a type of flower that I wanna say is… gold?

Martyr - A crazy person who dies for a cause. It’s almost always religious. I can’t imagine a non-religious martyr. I can’t imagine a person being like, “I’m gonna die in the name of tennis!” But yeah, they definitely need to chill. Like, if you sacrifice yourself for religion, then you’re not even alive to see if it worked.

Mash - When you bash or smash something to mash it up. Also there was that TV show M*A*S*H* with Alan Alda that everyone on the planet has seen exactly 15 seconds of.

Masticate - To chew. Please just say chew.

Matinee - When you see a movie during the afternoon or even, God forbid, the morning. I once saw that movie “A Quiet Place” at like 1 in the afternoon, and it totally took the wind out of its sails. I know, I know - but wasn’t it still dark in the movie theater? Yes, but like, I had eggs over medium two hours earlier, so… know what I mean?

Matricide - Woof. Okay. This is when you kill your mom. Or maybe it’s when a mom kills her kid. Or when a mom kills another mom? Or when a large group of moms gets killed?? No, that last one can’t be right. Look, all I know is “matri” means mom and “cide” means, like, “gruesome murder.” So, yeah. Moms dying or killing, etc.

Maximum - The biggest number that something can take. A great example is that sometimes a public pool will have a sign that says “MAXIMUM OCCUPANCY: 80 PERSONS.” That means that if there are more than 80 people in there, it becomes a fire hazard or something like that. Well, I guess not a fire hazard since it’s a pool. So imagine that it’s a pool filled with gasoline. Now it’s a fire hazard. But I guess if it’s a pool filled with gasoline, maximum occupancy would probably be 0 persons since no one should be swimming in gasoline. Fuck. What started as a great example turned into me basically saying that gasoline is flammable.

Meager - When you don’t have enough food. It’s like if your dinner was two beans and a cracker. That’s meager as fuck. The word is probably a combination of the words “meal” and “eager,” as in, “I am super eager to eat a meal that isn’t just a baby carrot and an almond.”

Mealy-mouthed - I’ve definitely heard this before, but I’m not sure what it actually means. I think it’s a bad quality. Mealy apples are dry and bad, so maybe this means your mouth is dry and bad? That’s probably not right, but I think we can all agree that I tried my best. 

Measure - When you measure something. Wait, fuck, I shouldn’t use the word measure to define measure. Um, so… it’s when you… acquire(?) the amount something is? Does that make sense? Hmm. Oh! Calculate! That’s a good word. It’s when you calculate how much something is, like how many inches long it is. Or centimeters if you’re not from the U.S. There are only like three countries who don’t use the metric system, and the U.S. is one of them. It’s us and like, fucking Myanmar. Where the fuck even is that? If you gave me 1000 tries to point out Myanmar on a map, I’d get it wrong every time. Which is saying a lot cuz there’s only like 200 countries total. Anyway. Oh, measure is also a musical term but I don’t really feel like getting into that right now.

Mecca - This is the Islamic holy land where Muslims go and worship. It’s a big deal. And since Mecca is the center of the world for Muslims, it’s become a word that generally means “center of the world” in other dumber contexts, like “Trader Joe’s is the Mecca of overpriced vegan hotdogs” or “The Penn Station bathroom is the Mecca of watching a homeless guy take a dump in a urinal.”

Meditate - When you’re just sitting there doing nothing, but that’s the whole point. You close your eyes and you try to think of nothing, which is hard, cuz you’re like, “Okay, I’m thinking of nothing.” And then you’re like, “Well, wait, me just saying that I’m thinking of nothing isn’t actually me thinking of nothing.” And then you’re like, “Let me try again.” And then you think of nothing, but it lasts about .01 seconds before you’re thinking about that episode of Black Mirror. So then you say, “Fuck meditating” and leave to go get some Five Guys.

Medulla oblongata - I only know this because of “The Waterboy.” It’s my favorite movie by far. There’s a scene where Bobby Boucher is in a classroom and the professor is like, “Why are alligators so aggressive?” and Bobby goes, “Momma says alligators are ornery cuz they got all them teeth and no toothbrush.” The professor makes fun of him for it, and says, “No, it’s the medulla oblongata.” So Bobby gets upset and tackles him. It’s pretty great, here’s a link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cu7A8LIzL1o

Megahertz - A unit of measurement that measures something. It’d be a lot easier to define this if I knew that hertz is something else besides a rental car company.

Meh - Holy shit, I can’t believe this is in the dictionary. This counts as a word? Okay, it’s just that feeling of like, “This is whatever. I don’t care.” Like you’re totally indifferent to something. For example, if someone was like, “Do you like the band Coldplay?” I’d be like “Meh.” That’s a bad example though, cuz I actually love Coldplay.

Memory - When you remember something from a while ago, that’s called a memory. So for example, when I was 7, I remember staying at this resort with my family one year. And when were checking in, I saw this really old tall skinny man who walked past me and all he said was, “Sprinkle winkle dinkle!” while smiling really big. I don’t know what the fuck that was all about, but that is a memory. It’s also a good reason to live in the present and not in the past. Cuz when he did that sprinkle winkle dinkle thing, he was living in the present. Whereas I am living in the past because I will never ever forget that moment.

Mendelevium - I’m guessing there was a scientist a hundred years ago named Mendel or Mendelov or something like that and he discovered this element or chemical so they named it after him. I’d bet money that anyone who reads this definition will never come into contact with whatever the hell Mendelevium is. It probably only exists on asteroids or some shit. Who cares.

Mental - It has to do with the brain. Like you could say that chess is a very mental game cuz you’re not running or punching anything or kicking. You’re just thinking. If you start picking up pawns and bishops and throwing them, you’re playing chess wrong. My older brother grew up with this kid Elon, who always insisted that chess was a sport. Ironically, we called him “mental” for saying that, but then he ended up being the dude who owns Tesla.

Merchant - A person who sells stuff hundreds of years ago. Like at a textiles stand? Is that something? A textiles stand? There aren’t really merchants any more. If you went to GAP and someone greeted you and said, “Welcome to GAP, I’ll be your merchant today,” you’d probably leave and go home.

Meringue - This is the whipped cream (?) on top of desserts that’s kinda puffy and soft and I wanna say they burn it a little? Like, it’s mostly white but they make the edges a little brown to make it look... nice (?). I’m not a big meringue guy. I mostly just eat Oatmeal Creme Pies and mini Butterfingers.

Mesh - The material that some shorts are made out of that’s like, half-clothes and half-holes. It feels good. I think it, like, maximizes breathability, but for your clothes? I’m not sure why clothes need to breathe. Or why your legs need to breathe. Why does anything need to breathe except mouths and noses?

Mesquite - This probably has a more complicated definition, but I just think this means barbecue chips.

Messenger RNA - Jesus Christ. Is this a dictionary or a science textbook? I think RNA is stuff that affects your DNA, or helps it grow (?), so I guess messenger RNA is RNA that delivers messages to DNA? Maybe it delivers your genes? Is that a thing? RNA definitely stands for something complicated and science-y but if you think I know what that is, you haven’t been paying attention.

Metabolism - I’m like 80% sure it’s the process by which your body breaks down food. But then I’m not sure what the difference is between this and digestion. I just know that people with slow metabolisms are often fat, and people with fast metabolisms are often skinny. You can remember that by saying “Slow = Fat and Fast = Skinny.”

Meteorology - The branch of TV news where they give you the weather. I think you used to be able to call them a “weatherman” but now that’s, like, derogatory or something? I think they prefer meteorologist. Anyway, they stand in front of the map where there’s all that green swirly stuff, and they show you the 7-day forecast, and like, the Doppler Radar? That’s something, right? Anyway, go to YouTube right now and type in “weatherman bloopers,” and it’s a fucking goldmine. It’ll be some dude standing sideways in front of a map, and the storm front somehow looks like a cock or something. Good stuff.

Mew - This can’t be why it’s in the dictionary, but Mew is for sure a Pokemon. I only know that cuz I played Pokemon Go that one summer everyone was doing it. I got lowkey addicted to it. I had jury duty that summer, and I straight up didn’t show up to court cuz I got distracted by a Dragonite in a nearby park. I lied and told them I had a death in the family and they bought it. They didn’t ask follow up questions and I never had to do it. I still feel kinda guilty about lying, but to be honest, we only have one life to live, and I don’t wanna spend mine sending a stranger to prison for stealing cars.

Mezzanine - I think it’s like the middle section of a baseball stadium. I think “mezza” means middle. I like saying “mezza,” that’s for sure. Mezza. Mezza. Anyway, yeah, it’s definitely not the best seats in the baseball stadium, but they’re pretty good seats. You’ll totally enjoy the game. Go Cubs!

Microorganism - An organism that’s so small that it needs to have “micro” at the beginning of the word.

Microscopic - Something so small that you can’t even see it using a microscope. Or wait, maybe it’s that you can even see it using a microscope. Okay, yeah - something so small that you can even see it using a microscope. Wait, that doesn’t sound right. Look, the point is that it’s small.

Middle - The center of two or a bunch of things. Like the middle seat in an airplane row. That’s sort of the classic example of “the middle.”

Midwife - A person who helps a woman who’s giving birth. It sounds like one of those jobs that stopped existing 600 years ago, but my friend Beth is a midwife and it’s not 600 years ago anymore so I guess midwife is still a thing. Not sure what the “wife” part has to do with anything. But yeah, anyway, they help you give birth by maybe like, helping you breathe? Or delivering the baby??

Milky Way - 1) A candy bar with chocolate and caramel and I think nougat. It’s really good. Oh, and also 2) The galaxy we’re on (in?).

Millisecond - REALLY fast! Like I mean REALLY FAST! It’s 1/1000th of a second. So if you tried to say the word “millisecond” within one millisecond, you’d be like, “M--” then time’s up! Sorry bro. Live and learn.

Minimum - The least amount of something that’s still acceptable. Like what I’m doing with this dictionary.

Minor - Anyone under 18 years old but older than like 11. I feel like the age scale goes 1-2 = baby, 3-4 = toddler, 5-11 = kid, 12-17 = minor, 18+ = adult. Anyway, people only say “minor” when someone did something illegal. It’s always like, “He slept with a minor” or “They gave beer to a minor.” No one’s rolling up with their kids like, “Hi, these are my minors, Toddrick and Jessup.” 

Minoxidil - This is probably a drug or an era when dinosaurs lived. Like, “In the Minoxidil Era, dinosaurs learned how to swim” or whatever the fuck.

Miscarriage - This one kind of bums me out, but I guess it’s a bigger bummer for the parents. Okay, I just stared at nothing for 10 minutes.

Misfire - This is when your gun doesn’t work. You go to shoot it but it doesn’t work. This is also when your car makes a loud noise all of a sudden. So this word is always a bummer. Either your gun is broken or your car is. “Miss Fire” would be a badass name for a superhero, though. So there’s that.

Mislabel - To incorrectly label something. Like if you’re at a breakfast buffet and you get to the bacon and it’s labeled “DONKEY” - someone mislabeled the bacon.

Misplace - When you put something somewhere and now you can’t find it. I once misplaced my car keys, but then woke up hungover the next morning and found them in the fridge. I guess I got home the night before and made a beeline to the block of sharp cheddar.

Misunderstanding - When two people do a bad job of communicating and there’s a misunderstanding. Like if you’re driving and you told your friend to look up where the closest BP station is, but when you said “BP,” he thought you meant to look up “how does a bee pee?” So then your friend tells you that a bee actually pees from its anus believe it or not, and then you have have to say, “No, that’s not even close to what I wanted to know.” And then you run out of gas.

Mo - Mo? Uh… I’m not sure what this is supposed to be. Like “mo,” as in “more”? That can’t be right. Fuck it, “mo” is a way to say “more” (but I think it might be kinda racist to say it like that if you’re white (???)).

Mobile - These are those dangly things that parents put over cribs to keep their babies occupied. I’m always like… what if that fell? Anyway, mobile also means something that’s on the move. For example, my ex-fiance was mobile after she found out that I found out that she slept with my friend Trevor.

Modernism - An era of time characterized by being the modern era? So, like, now? But then there’s postmodernism. Which is after modernism. So does that mean that postmodernism is the future? Cuz that doesn’t feel right either. I thought maybe postmodernism already happened? Right? I don’t know, dude. All I know is that it’s 9:21 a.m. right now and I have to take a shit.

Mohawk - That hairstyle where basically your head’s shaved except on top. The people most known for having a mohawk are punks and Mr. T. What a weird two groups. One is a rebellious anti-consumerist subculture, and the other played the bad guy in Rocky III.

The two main mohawk-havers: Punks and Mr. T.

Mojito - A mixed drink with rum and lime and tiny mint leaves floating around in it. It tastes very fresh. It’s basically a La Croix with booze.

Molasses - A thick syrupy brown substance that’s used in desserts. I remember learning about a real molasses disaster where the streets flooded with molasses and a bunch of people died. That sucks so bad. Imagine someone being like, “How did your husband die?” and you’re like, “Thick syrup.” 

Mom-and-pop - This comes up when people say “mom-and-pop shop,” which is a small, family-owned business. A lot of mom-and-pop shops go under because big companies like Walmart come to town and everyone just shops there instead because it’s easier. Mom-and-pop shops are always named something home-y and cute like “Sally’s Lamp Shop” or “Big Jeff’s Dairy Depot” or “Horny Harrison’s Kayak Hut.”

Money - What you use to buy stuff. It feels so good to have a lot of it. Especially if you’re holding stacks of dollar bills and you flip through it like a flipbook. Money can buy houses and ruin friendships. Money pays for you to do stuff. It’s what gets you into Six Flags. I got $206 for my Bar Mitzvah in 1997.

Mongoose - This is the animal that eats snakes. That’s the only thing I know about mongooses. Mongeese? Anyway, they’re like long otters that apparently eat snakes.

Monk - A religious guy who lives in a monastery. I fucking nailed this one.

Monopoly - It’s like, THE board game. You know it. It’s the one with St. Charles Place and Baltic Ave. and Community Chest and Chance and Free  and the Get Out Of Jail Free card and the horny old rich dancing man with the top hat and cane. Your token is an iron or a thimble or a car or a pipe. Wait, was pipe one of them? If not, def should be.

Monosyllable - A word with one syllable, like “shit” or “fuck” or “sac.”

More - When you want more of something. Or when there’s more of something. Like if you have a glass of cranberry juice, but you’re still thirsty, you’d be like, “Can I have more?” And then your Aunt Fran will pour you some more. That new amount of cranberry juice is what more is. Honestly, explaining the concept of “more” is the dumbest fucking thing I’ve ever done in my life.

Morose - Sad but kind of in an annoying way. Like you kind of want people to see it so they can ask you what’s wrong. Yeah, if you’re gonna be sad, don’t be morose. Be sad.

Mosh - When you’re at a concert and a bunch of filthy fucking scumbags start jumping around sans inhibition and constantly colliding into each other. It can get pretty violent. It’s really good for people whose ideal concert-going experience includes getting a dislocated jaw and smelling like the combined body odor of 35 shitheads.

Mourn - It’s when someone dies and you just kind of like, sit there?

Mousetrap - A trap for a mouse. I like those mousetraps that have the built-in plastic cheese bait. I’m actually a little surprised that mice fall for that. It’s like, come on bros, you’re better than that. I’ll tell you something, though - if you ever get a mousetrap, get one of those snap ones and not the glue ones. I repeat - DO NOT GET THE GLUE ONES. The glue ones just catch the mice, but they’re still alive. I caught a mouse that way one time. No one else was home and I didn’t know what to do so I put on a pair of plastic dishwasher gloves and pried the mouse out of the glue, but it actually ripped off the mouse’s feet. All four of them. The mouse fucking FREAKED. OUT. It made this hideous screeching sound that now haunts me whenever I hear sneakers squeaking on a gym floor. That’s why I can’t go to basketball games anymore. Had to watch the NBA Finals on mute. Sucked. But yeah, anyway. Mousetrap.

Do not get those glue mousetraps!

Much - Fuck, I can already tell this one’s gonna bug the shit out of me. Alright. Okay. Much refers to, like, the amount of something. And it’s usually a lot of it. Like, way a lot. I’m trying not to say “too much” cuz much is the word I’m trying to define. But like, okay. If you go to the grocery store and you buy three loaves of bread, you bought too much bread. I really hope you don’t come away from this thinking that “much” means two loaves of bread.

Mulatto - This is a person who’s half-black and half-white, but I don’t think you’re supposed to use this word? Instead, you should say “mixed race,” but honestly that might also be offensive? I’m in way over my head right now.

Mulberry - A type of berry. I don’t think I’ve ever seen or eaten a mulberry, but I bet it’s kinda small and grows on bushes like all other berries. It probably goes in pies, but no one in my family has ever rolled up to Thanksgiving dinner with a mulberry pie. My Aunt Fran brought a “grape salad” one year, though. It was green grapes covered in cream cheese and Butterfinger crumbs. After dinner, everyone was like… is Aunt Fran okay?

Multicolored - This definition is multicolored. I’m not sure yet if this dictionary will be printed in color, though, so I might have fucked this one up.

Multitasking - When you’re trying to do a bunch of things at once. Like maybe you’re talking on the phone to your grandma while Windexing your mirror and filing your taxes and playing Jenga and making lunch.

Mumble - When you say something too soft or weird and people can’t understand what you said. Like if I wanted to say “Hello, how are you?” but I mumbled, it’d maybe sound like, “Hehrer-roo.”

Musculature - It’s like, ALL of your muscles. But like, the way they’re arranged and stuff. I don’t think you’ll need to use this word unless you’re one of those insane weightlifters. Man, I don’t want to judge anyone based on their looks, but those guys look super weird and messed up, in a bad way.

Musket - One of those long thin guns that seemed super popular during the Civil War and other wars where the soldiers were just on foot and on horses. Dang, a musket and a horse? Seems like a lot of business.

Mute - The button on your remote that turns off the sound. Also, a person who doesn’t talk is “a mute,” but I’m genuinely not sure if calling someone a mute is derogatory. Sure sounds like it, right? I bet there’s some better name for it now, like “speakingly challenged.”

Myopia - It’s either when you’re nearsighted or farsighted. I wanna say near cuz it has the word “my” in it, which means you can only see stuff closer to you. That’s obviously a dumb guess, but let’s see you try to write a fucking dictionary from scratch, dipshit.


N
Nacho - A toasted (?) tortilla chip that you dip into cheese at a basketball game or circus or movie. Or, you can order nachos as an appetizer at Chili’s or T.G.I. Friday’s, and then the nachos will come with a whole diarrheaing of toppings dumped on it - salsa, sour cream, guac, beans, tomatoes, lettuce, jalapenos, to the point where you can’t even see the actual nachos anymore. You basically ordered an orgy of toppings with a side of nachos.

Nail - Two big ones for this. One is that small hard sharp metal pointy thing that you hammer into a wall. Marv steps on one in “Home Alone.” The other is that weird hard thing at the end of your finger. You have to cut them every two weeks or so, unless you’re one of those freaky Guinness Book assholes who lets ‘em grow cuz you’re too talentless to get recognized any other way.

Nameless - I think it can be two things: 1) Not having a name at all. Like imagine if you were a fast food cashier and you had a nametag, but it was blank. I guess it’d be dumb to have the nametag at all, but it’s a funny visual, so maybe you’re a person who’s trying to be funny. 2) You have a name, but don’t want to reveal it. So if you go to the doctor and they ask you to fill out that first-time patient form - in the space where it says NAME, you just leave that blank. You’re choosing to remain nameless. At that point, though, the receptionist would probably look at the form and say, “Sir, please write in your name,” at which point you should just do that unless you want to be banned from that doctor’s office.

Napkin - A small piece of paper (?) or cloth (?) that you use to wipe your mouth when you eat. They soak stuff up better than tissues but not as well as paper towels and - you know what? No. I’m not gonna spend any more time telling you what a napkin is. You should fucking know what a napkin is.

Narcolepsy - A condition where you’re, like, just standing there hanging out and you fall asleep. You don’t even have to be tired. You just, like, fall asleep, and that’s what the condition is. Someone told me that Jimmy Kimmel has narcolepsy, which makes sense when you look at him. He just sort of looks like the kind of person who has narcolepsy, if that makes sense?

Right?

Nasal - Nose-related. Remember when there was the COVID pandemic, and they’d test to see if you had COVID by sticking a Q-tip up your nose? I actually weirdly liked that? And don’t tell anyone, but I definitely got a couple COVID tests that I didn’t need just cuz I was into it.

Nationwide - Something that affects the entire nation. This used to happen with diseases, but luckily it’s been a while. Like if there was a report of a “nationwide polio outbreak,” that’d basically be an invitation for you to say “Adios” to the world.

Naturalism - The practice of nature? Not sure what that means. I dunno, it sounds super boring anyway so maybe just skip this.

Nauseous - When you feel like you gotta borf. I’m trying to get the word “borf” to catch on cuz I think it sounds funnier than “barf” but so far I’ve only told my friend Duncan Moss and he didn’t like it or see what the point was.

Neap tide - I’m guessing this is a special kind of tide. I’ll get to this later I guess, but a “tide” is when a body of water moves closer or farther from the shore because of… the moon? (?) Which also determines when women have their periods? I’m straight up uncomfortable with how much the moon affects us on a day to day basis. Is that stupid to say? God, I’m a fucking moron.

Necessity - A thing you need in order for another thing to be true. Like, if you’re going camping, a tent is a necessity. Well, I guess it’s not 100% a necessity. But it’s almost a necessity. Finding a perfect example is not a necessity in defining “necessity” because you know what necessity means.

Neckerchief - A little wussy scarf that you wear around your neck. I feel like flight attendants always wear them. Or wore them? I dunno, I haven’t been on a plane in six years. Okay, so you know a handkerchief? It’s like if you wore one of those around your neck for some reason. Kinda weird if you ask me - wearing something on your neck that’s designed for your hand. It’s not like you’d ever wear a necklace on your hand. Oh wait, actually, I guess that’s what a bracelet is. Look, neckerchiefs suck, okay?

Nectar - I know it’s like the Drink of the Gods or whatever, but isn’t it just, like, fruit juice? I honestly think that the Gods were too embarrassed to be like, “Our drink is fruit juice,” so they invented the word “nectar” cuz they wanted to sound awesome and godlike.

Needlework - The art of doing something artistic with a needle. I’m not really sure why someone would do this. There’s like a million hobbies you can do, and you’re gonna be like, “I choose the one where I frequently puncture my skin.”

Neglect - To not do the stuff you’re supposed to do. It’s usually about duties, but I also feel like you usually hear it when it’s about a shitty dad who neglects his son cuz he’s at the horse track again. Or a shitty husband who neglects his wife cuz he went out drinking with his pals again. Or a shitty dad/husband who neglects his daughters/wife cuz he’s spending too much time drinking with his pals at the horse track again. Yeah, it’s almost always dads. It’d be really hard to be an uncle who neglects his nephew. Like if you’re an uncle and you don’t show up for your nephew’s 12th birthday, that’s much more normal than showing up.

Neighbor - A person who lives near you, like next door or down the block. Half the time they’re super cool and you can totally borrow a spatula from them, and the other half of the time they’re fucking insane and they own three ferrets.

Neoplasm - New plasm?

Nephritis - Inflammation of the nephr?

Nestle - To cuddle up into someone. Super sweet and loving. Sometimes it can lead to fucking. 

Neuter - When your dog or cat gets their balls or vagina cut off. I always thought it was super weird that Bob Barker wanted people to get their pets spayed and neutered. Bob Barker. It’s like, why is the dude who emcees Plinko encouraging me to de-nut my corgi?

Network - This is a lot of stuff, especially cuz of technology and shit. I’m not even sure where to begin with this. You know what? I’m just gonna skip this one and hope no one notices.

New age - This is hippy dippy stuff that white people go nuts for, like crystals or yoga retreats or listening to Enya. You know when people are like, “I’m not religious. I’m spiritual”? That’s new age. Here’s a list of other new age stuff: meditating, juice cleanses, giving a fuck about your horoscope, Yanni, CD compilations of bird noises, hanging a tapestry in your living room, white people with dreads, swingers, and the entire Avatar franchise.

Newfangled - It’s a word that older people use to describe something that’s too new and complicated for them to understand. And it only ever goes before the word “apparatus.” As far as what “fangled” means, your guess is as good as mine.

Newsboy - Not really sure that this one needs to be in the dictionary anymore. Newsboys used to stand on a street corner wearing a checkered cap and suspenders and handing out newspapers. If you saw someone doing that now, I think the only reasonable conclusion is that they’re an insane person.

Nickname - A name that both is and isn’t your name. It’s like the fun, easy version of your name. It’s the name everyone calls you. So I’m not sure why it’s not just straight-up your name. Once I was on vacation in the Adirondacks, and these two brothers had a third brother whose name was Ryan, but they called him “Rye Bread.” I think about that maybe five or six times per year.

Nibble - When you chew on something but in a soft, cute way. Like, you “eat” a steak but you “nibble” on popcorn. No one nibbles a steak - that’s weird. Oh also, I think fish nibble cuz fishermen will say stuff like “I got a nibble,” and that means a fish is eating the bait. Now I can’t stop thinking about someone nibbling a steak. I can hear the gross little wet noise it’d make. I should move onto the next word.

Nicad - Not a thing. You don’t need to know this.

Niggard - This means “cheapskate” but for the love of God, NEVER use this word.

Niggling - Don’t use this word either, unless you want to get slapped across your stupid fucking face.

Night Soil - Soil…? At night…?

Nipple - That little dot thing at the end of your tit.

Nitty-Gritty - It’s like, when you’ve been talking about something for a long time and it’s getting all complicated, but now you just wanna get to the point, you’ll be like, “Let’s just get down to the nitty-gritty.” I don’t know what “nitty” and “gritty” are, though. Oh wait! I do know what “gritty” is, but I don’t feel like defining it here. I’m gonna define it under “gritty” cuz that makes sense.

No - Oh man, this is a big one. This is like a Top 10 word. Right up there with “yes” and “the” and “and.” You know what it means, but I guess I have to define it, so it means when you say no to something. Like if you just ate a burrito and then someone’s like, “Do you want a second burrito?” you’d be like, “No.” Or if someone asked you if you’ve ever seen the movie “Bridge to Terabithia,” and you never saw it, you’d say, “No.” No can be used to reject pretty much anything - food, movies… I can’t really think of stuff that isn’t food or movies right now. No is such an important word that it even gets its own head movement. Shaking your head from side to side means no. The only other word with its own head movement is “yes,” which is the head nod. Maybe has a shoulder movement (the shrug), but not a head movement. Imagine if the head movement for maybe was to move your head diagonally, so it sort of splits the difference between no and yes. Try it. It’s kind of fun. Well, maybe don’t try it if you’re in public.

Nocturnal - Something that happens at night. An owl is a nocturnal animal cuz it does all of its being awake at night. A nocturnal emission is when you jizz while you’re asleep. Kind of a gross name for it, right? Nocturnal emission. Ew. Wet dream isn’t much better. It’s sort of hard to think of a smooth way to describe ejaculating when you’re unconscious. A snooze-splooge?

Noise - Loud stuff. Banging pots and pans. Screaming for no reason. Clapping and screaming. Noise is usually so fucking annoying.

Nominee - It’s a person you nominate because you think they’ll do a good job at the thing. You can nominate people for all sorts of things. We nominate presidential candidates but we also nominate Melinda to be in charge of the PTA because we don’t wanna deal with, like, organizing a fucking bake sale.

Nonevent - Basically it’s when you’re planning an event and are really excited about it, then you have the event and it fucking blows. My 10-year high school reunion was in the basement of our hometown’s “other” church. I think like 20 people showed up and no one thought to bring any food or drinks. We all had to pass around Jeff Dunn’s flask of Wild Turkey, and no one got drunk since there were 20 of us. That was a nonevent.

Nonprofit - A company that doesn’t make a profit. But then, like… how are they still a company? Anyway, this one’s easy to remember, cuz it’s just the word “profit” with “non” at the beginning of it. “Non” means “no,” but calling something a “no-profit company” kinda sounds mean. “Non-profit” doesn’t sound as bad. It makes it sound like the company chose to not want to make a profit, which in my opinion is just stupid.

Noon - 12 p.m. Come on.

North - Up. Not, like, the ceiling up. Higher on a map up. Like put your finger over a map. And move it up. I mean don’t move it off the paper. Keep it on the paper, but slide it directly away from you, like your finger’s scared of you. That’s north. Fucking christ.

Note - Yikes, okay. (1) A musical note. Like A or F-sharp. (2) A handwritten note, like a doctor’s note or the notes you’d pass to Danielle Crace in fourth grade that said, “Do you like me? Yes or no?” (3) A piece of advice you receive from an asshole. Like imagine nailing a piano recital, then your instructor is like, “Great job. I just have one note…” then they tell you why you suck. (4) Something you write down to remember facts during school. Your teacher’s all, “The Magna Carta was written in 1215,” so you write a helpful note that says, ‘I’ll never need to fucking know this.’”

Notebook - What you write notes in. There’s also a popular romantic movie called “The Notebook” that makes people cry. I never actually saw it, but it was every white girl’s favorite movie in 2004.

Notional - Right. It’s when you have a “notion,” I guess. A notion is an idea you have that might be true but also might not be true. (?) It’s kinda like an assumption you have. I used to know this guy named Trent Hayward, and he had the notion that all bugs are aliens. He like, fully believed that bugs were a tiny alien race that learned to live on our planet. That’s a pretty crazy notion, but if you look at a bug close up, they do look super fucking weird. So who knows. I think Trent is a firefighter now.

Nougat - It’s the stuff in candy bars that you aren’t quite sure what it is. It’s kinda puffy and soft and doesn’t really taste like anything. I wanna say it’s made of... whipped milk? Is that a thing?

Nourish - To give your body something it needs. Things like water, fruits and vegetables nourish your body and give it the proper nutrients and vitamins it craves. I could probably fix my life by drinking more water and eating salad - every part of me knows that - but for some reason I just… don’t. Today for lunch I had a Sierra Mist and a bag of white yogurt pretzels.

November - November.

Nucleotide - A tiny science thing that does important science stuff. It's probably a super vital particle (?) or acid (?) and we'd all die without it, but I have no clue what it actually does. Maybe it makes protein? Don't quote me on that.

Nucleus - The center of an atom, I think? Or the center of a cell? It’s like, the center part of something that’s already really small. So a nucleus is like, really really small. I don’t really know why you need to get that small with stuff. Like why can’t you just be like, “Look, a chair. I’m gonna go sit in it.” Don’t, like, dissect the wood and look for the nucleus. Chill out, man.

Nugget - A small amount of something. It’s usually made of gold, wisdom or chicken.

Nuisance tax - This must be a specific kind of tax, like how there’s “income” and “property” tax. But all taxes are a “nuisance” if you ask me. That’s not a hot take. No one likes taxes. Why do we pay them? The government sucks a few hundred bucks out of our paychecks every month and we’re like “OK.” I can’t afford rent but sure, here’s 200 bucks for no reason. I’d be happy if my taxes went to a good cause, but I’m pretty sure the government just uses them to build drone bombs or something. Why aren’t we rioting in the street all the time? 

Nuke - This is short for “nuclear bomb.” Kinda fucked up that we have a cool, short slang word for such a tragic thing. That’d be like if you committed a genocide, then said, “Bro, we just commed a geno.”

Numerous - A bunch of. For example, a salad bar usually has numerous toppings. It’d be weird if it didn’t. Like if you went to a salad bar and the only topping they had was chickpeas. That would have to be the crappiest salad bar of all time.

Nunnery - Where nuns live. Whoever came up with this word really nailed it. They should be in charge of all the words.

Nurse - (1) A medical professional who assists a doctor. Their job is to weigh you, take your blood pressure then say “the doctor will be right with you.” (2) To breastfeed. My friend Fiona breastfeeds in public and part of me is like, “Good for you, Fiona! That’s good and natural,” and another part of me is like, “Holy shit, Fiona! What if someone sees your nips?” (3) You can “nurse” a drink, which means you slowly drink it. My Uncle Remus is always nursing a flask of Hendrick’s gin, or as he calls it, “Vitamin Water.” He thinks that’s funny but the rest of the family is deeply concerned.

Nutcracker - A thing you use to crack nuts. It’s also the greatest ballet of all time. I’ve never seen it, but I find it hard to believe that the most beautiful artistic achievement in human history is about the de-shelling of walnuts.

Nutshell - I guess technically it’s a nut’s shell, but you only ever hear it when someone’s like, “Yep, I like pierogis and I’m gay. That’s me in a nutshell.”

O

Obelisk - Okay, I had to Google image search this one and I still find it hard to define. The best I got is “skinny building penis.”

Observe - 1) To look closely at something to see if you notice anything. In America, you’re pretty much free to observe whatever you want. You can go to a dog park and take out a notebook and observe how the dogs interact. You’d pretty much just be writing down, “Now they’re fighting. Now they’re fucking. Now they’re fighting. Now they’re fucking. They’re still fucking. Now they’re fighting. They’re still fighting. Now they’re fucking.” But hey, you’re the one who decided to observe a friggin’ dog park, so that’s what you get. 2) Observe also means when you celebrate a holiday. But it’s usually a boring religious holiday, like Yom Kippur or Lent. No one has ever said, “This year I’m going to observe Halloween,” or, “I can’t wait to observe Christmas this year!”

Objectify - This is when you treat a human person like they’re an object instead of a person. So instead of being like, “Wow, Veronica is a complex emotional being with a lifetime of unique experiences. I really respect her and would love to get to know her on a deeper level,” you’re like, “Veronica has nice boobies. Me wanna suck ‘em then never talk to her again.”

Obliterate - To completely destroy something. I feel like it’s only used when describing either war or dinner at Chili’s. Like, “Israel completely obliterated Palestine,” or like, “Dave totally obliterated the men’s room after slamming that bacon cheeseburger.”

Obtain - To get, but three letters longer.

Occult - I think this is witch stuff. Or anything spooky, really. Bats, pentagrams, voodoo, taxes. That kind of shit.

Occupation - Smarter way of saying “job.” A lot of times you have to list your occupation on forms and then you just write it in, like “Teacher” or “Lawyer” or “Firefighter” or “Bus driver” or “Secretary” or “Doctor” and then you move on to your address or whatever.

Odiferous - This is a long word that means something smells. Unnecessary word. If someone ever said “This is odiferous” I would smack them in their face.

Offensive - When someone says something that makes you feel like shit. Like if you’re Jewish, and someone’s like, “Smelly Jews are worth as much as a Turkish beggar’s fart,” that would be offensive, to both smelly Jews and Turkish people. You can offend pretty much anybody, but it helps if they’re in some sort of racial or ethnic minority. I mean, I don’t wanna say it helps. Shit, I probably offended some people just by saying that. Whatever, man. It’s 2019. Everyone gets offended by everything all the time. Fuck this shit.

Officiant - It’s the guy who oversees(?) a wedding. Moderates a wedding? My college buddy Jason Diffler got married a few years ago right outside of Phoenix and the officiant had to stop the wedding twice to go throw up in the bushes. Turns out he ate a falafel wrap the night before but couldn’t finish it, so he left half of it in his car. Then that morning he finished it. Pretty sure that’s what did him in - hot, leftover falafel. Fucking dumb officiant.

Offside - Oh weird, I thought it was “offsides” with an s. Anyway. It’s when a guy on defense in football jumps the gun before the QB hikes the ball. It’s similar to false start, but false start’s for the offense, and it’s a little cooler cuz the ref gets to do that arm-rolling dance motion. Look it up on YouTube, it’s a fun motion.

Ogle - To look at in a creepy way. Don’t ogle.

Oh - A thing you say. It’s hard to define it beyond that because there are literally like six billion different contexts where you can say “Oh.” You can be like, “Oh, what time are they expecting me?” or “Oh, Cheryl went to Villanova,” or “Oh, okay,” or “Oh, you only have peanut M&M’s?” or “Oh, I’m actually gay.”

Okra - It’s a vegetable that sort of looks like if a green pepper lost a ton of weight. It’s slimy as hell, and there’s an assload of seeds in there. Feels like one of those foods that hit its peak popularity in 1903.

That’s okra right there.

Olfactory - This is a word that people use when they’re talking about your sense of smell but they wanna sound smart. To be fair, it is a really cool fucking word. I’m not sure what your nose has to do with a factory, other than the fact that most factories kind of smell like shit, so that’s probably where that word comes from. I dunno.

Omen - This is a symbol or event that makes you think something bad might happen in your near future. Like, if you’re about to ride a rollercoaster and you see a giant raven land on a nearby branch and eat a beautiful butterfly, you’d be like, “Well, that’s not fuckin’ good.”


Omicron - Fuckin oof. Okay. Looks like the name of a Transformer? Like, “Look out! The Decepticons are approaching and they’ve brought Omicron!”

Omnibus - What people called a bus like 200 years ago, before they realized they could save time and just call it a bus.

On - I mean… how… so, it’s like… the general concept of being over something. Not, like, being over an ex. But like, placed above something but still touching it. Does that make sense? It’s like... the thing you’re ON. God, I just want to say on. So, it’s the way to say you’re existing slightly over a thing but in contact with it. You stepped “on” my glasses or jumped “on” my cat. Your feet are above the glasses and cat, but still touching them. It’s also the opposite of off, which in theory means it’s actively doing something as opposed to doing nothing. The lights are “on” or you turn me “on.” On is a lot. You can also say things like “I’m on my way” or “Life goes on” or “Bob Hackett was on the news after setting fire to a Perkins” and over time you just kinda use on all the time without noticing it. It’s like the “the” of words.

Oneself - A person, but for when you’re talking about, like, any person. So let’s see… like, if you were talking about how to get to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, you might say, “If one wants to see a pair of gloves worn by Little Richard, one must drive oneself to Cleveland, Ohio.” Sidenote - I saw the gloves. They’re fine. They’re gloves.

Onomatopoeia - This is a word that sounds like a sound. That’s kinda confusing, but it’s actually pretty simple. For example, “splat” sounds like something splatting on the floor, “hiss” sounds like a snake hissing, and “zap” sounds like someone getting zapped by electricity. Meanwhile, “onomatopoeia” sounds like diarrhea hitting water.

Onward - When you keep going onward. Like if you were in the Boy Scouts and you were on a hike and one of the boy scouts broke his leg or something, and the Scoutmaster wanted to leave that kid behind, he might say, “Don’t worry about Kevin. Onward we go.” That Scoutmaster would get fired, but at least not for diddling boys.

Open - When something’s not closed. Like a store or a door. Or the door to a store. Whoa, that was a little weird.

Opera Glasses - What? This is in here? Why? Oh wait, are they those little binoculars that rich people hold up on a stick when they’re at the opera? Aren’t those just binoculars? Will someone answer me? Where am I right now?

Operetta - A small opera?

Ophthalmology - Super fancy way to say “eye doctor.” I had an eye doctor growing up named Dr. Kengo and he was constantly trying to set me up with his weird daughter. He’d be like, “Your optic nerves are looking good. You know who else is looking good? My daughter. Take a look.” Then he’d show me her prom photo and I had to be like, “Haha, yeah. She seems nice” but she straight up looked like Nick Nolte’s mugshot.

Opossum - A possum but with an O at the beginning of it.

Optimize - Word used by Silicon Valley-type dudes and cell phone companies to basically say “make it the best it can be.” If you want to be a person who projects confidence but is hated by most people, using the word “optimize” would optimize your chances of that.

Orange - This is a color and a fruit. I’m pretty sure the fruit is called an orange because it’s the color orange. It’s hard to describe colors but I’d say orange is bright and kinda tacky? Like, no one’s painting their walls orange. Common orange things: cheese puffs, hunting vests, construction signs, traffic cones, Syracuse University and Garfield the cat.

Orangutan - This is one of those big monkeys or apes that could definitely kill you if it wanted to, but it mostly just sits around and eats fruit. This is the one with a big round head that’s kind of orange, hence the name “orangutan.” I hate monkeys and apes. I read a story about a chimpanzee ripping a lady’s face off and now I don’t trust any monkey or ape. Call me crazy, but if there’s even a 1% chance that something will rip off my fucking face, I’m not getting near it.

Orator - A person who gives a speech. People say Abraham Lincoln and Martin Luther King Jr. were great orators. I’ve never heard of a bad orator. I think this word is used exclusively if you’re GOOD at speaking. If you get up in front of a room, say “Her derby her der,” then sit down, no one’s like, “He’s not a good orator.” They’re just like, “He’s stupid.”

Orbit - When a planet goes in a circle. That also determines how long a year is. Like Earth’s orbit is 365 days, which means it takes 365 days for it to orbit around the Sun. That’d be weird if one year it somehow took, like, 290 days. I feel like that’d throw everything for an orbit. Oh, Orbit’s also my favorite gum. Don’t worry, this isn’t an ad for Orbit because no one will ever see or read this.

Orchid - This is definitely a flower, and it might be white.

Ordeal - When something is, like, a whole fucking thing and it’s a pain in the ass to deal with. Going to the DMV is an ordeal. Moving out of your ex-fiance’s condo after she sleeps with your best friend Trevor at a Courtyard by Marriott is an ordeal. Writing this dictionary is a giant fucking ordeal. 

Ordinal number - No clue. Feels like something I was taught in math but I wasn’t paying attention cuz I was busy wondering why I was getting a boner in math class.

Oregano - This is a spice that’s famous cuz it looks like weed. A kid at my high school named Tyler Reever got suspended for selling bags of oregano out of his locker but telling people it was weed. I thought that was genius. If anyone should’ve been suspended, it’s the dumbasses who spent 50 bucks on oregano. Anyway, Tyler’s dad was a beekeeper. Like a real, full-time beekeeper. Isn’t that ridiculous?

Organ - The stuff inside your body that would be fucking gross if you just held it in your hand. And if you squeezed it, it’d probably slip away and you’d have to pick it up off the floor. I think it’s super weird that when you get your driver’s license, they ask if you’d like to be an organ donor. No. What I’d like is to drive a car. Donating organs and being able to tell what a U-Turn sign looks like are two different things. Oh, before I go on to the next word, an organ is also a church piano.

Organization - Ugh, I’m already bored and I haven’t even started defining this one. It’s when a ton of people are part of a company or an organization. It’s a very adult thing. An organization can be good or bad. Like the Red Cross would probably be considered a good organization. Whereas an organization called Injure The Children would be a bad organization.

Orgasm - When someone cums from their wet dick or pussy. 

Origami - Japanese paper folding. That sounds fake, but people go nuts for it. I knew a girl who folded paper swans for fun and I was like……. ok? But who am I to judge? I write definitions every day and they fucking suck.

Orphan - A little kid who doesn’t have any parents. I mean, like, they have parents but they don’t know where they are. Or they do know and it’s that their parents are dead. This one’s kind of sad so maybe just move on to the next word.

Orphanage - Damnit! Fuuuuuck, yeah, this is a giant house filled only with orphans.

Oscillate - The setting on a fan that makes its head move back and forth. It probably spreads air around the room in a good way (?) but I hate it because you get hit with a gust of wind every twenty seconds and it’s like, can you fucking not?

Osprey - I think this is a hawk that lives on a river. For some reason, I could imagine someone naming their kid “Osprey” today and all their friends being like, “Wow, what a neat name!” but secretly being like “Holy shit, I can’t believe Denise named her kid fucking ‘Osprey.’”

Ossify - I’m pretty sure this is how bones become so bony. They “ossify.” Let me Google this, one second……….. Yep, that’s right.

Ostrich - A breed of birds that look like they were designed by someone in hour 7 of a 15-hour acid trip. They always look pissed to be themselves. I can’t blame ‘em. Their necks look like Mark Wahlberg’s giant cock at the end of “Boogie Nights.”

Would you be happy if you looked like an ostrich? (No, you wouldn’t is the answer.)

Otherwise - Everything that’s not what already is happening. Wow, I just read that sentence back to myself. That doesn’t make any fucking sense.

Ought - You use this word when you want to say what someone should do. Like if you and a friend kill someone in the woods, you’d probably say, “We ought to bury the body.” Just to be clear, I have never killed anyone in the woods. But if I did, I think it’d make sense to bury the body using a trenching shovel, either with a pointed-end blade or a round-end blade. You could also use a square-end blade because they scoop dirt well, but the problem is that they’re not made to cut into dirt.

Outburst - When you fucking lose it all of a sudden. Kids, teens, adults - anyone can have an outburst. I was on a flight from Dallas to Orlando in 2004, and some dude in his 50s or 60s had an outburst because the flight attendant spilled tomato juice on his Merrell’s, and he thought she did it on purpose. The flight attendant denied it, which made the man look like an ass. But when I was getting off the plane, I could hear the flight attendant admit to the other flight attendant that she actually did do it on purpose because that man rang his call button to ask the flight attendant if a bathroom was available, instead of just getting up to check it himself.

Outcome - The final result of something. If you step on a rake, the outcome will be “You got hit in the face with a rake.” If you put your life savings into stocks for a company that sells used toilet paper, the outcome will be “You are poor now.” If you shoot a jellyfish with a shotgun at point-blank range, the outcome will be “The jellyfish was fucking destroyed.” Man, I really gotta work on writing better examples.

Outgoing - When someone’s super friendly and talkative. It sounds good, but it’s not. When I was like 26 or 27, I’d sometimes go to a Fred Meyer, and there was this checkout lady named Trish who was super outgoing. At first it was kind of nice, but she wouldn’t shut up. And she’d comment on every single grocery I was buying. “Oh, watermelon, well I just LOVE the taste of it but I can’t stand the seeds.” Dumb shit like that. Or, “Ricotta cheese? Lemme guess, you’re making lasagna? I love lasagna. If loving lasagna were illegal, I’d be in jail right now. Lock me up! I mean just TOSS me in jail and THROW AWAY THE KEY!” So obviously I eventually tried to avoid her. I’d start going to different checkout lines. But then one day she caught on and ran out and confronted me in the lot. She tried to spit in my face but actually missed and hit some tall lady’s Taurus, and then they got into it. Anyway, that was the day I stopped giving outgoing people the benefit of the doubt.

Outhouse - A tiny bathroom in the woods where you piss and shit on other people’s piss and shit. I recommend just staying home. That’s how bad outhouses are.

Outlive - To live longer than someone. So if you and your wife were both 85 and then your wife died, on the one hand - congrats, you outlived your wife. On the other hand, I’m so sorry your wife died.

Out-of-bounds - If you’re playing sports, it’s part of the field where nothing you do counts. So if you throw a ball out of bounds, the ball is dead. If you wanna keep playing, throw it back onto the field. If you want to further delay the game and anger fans, keep playing with the ball out of bounds.

Outrigger - Seems like a fun word. Wish I knew what it meant. Based on context clues, I’d say it’s a rigger - someone who rigs things (?) - but unlike a regular rigger, an outrigger is on the outer ring of rigging. So, yeah. An outrigger is a rigger on the outer ring of regular riggers. 

Outward - Facing out. So I guess “ward” just means facing.

Outwit - To be smarter than your opponent, like in trivia and stuff. I feel like this only really applies to gameshows, cuz what other kind of goofball dipshit would use the phrase “outwit your opponent”?

Overboard - It’s when you, like, throw something over the railing of the ship you’re on and into the water. So if you threw your life jacket overboard, that would be a dumb move. Overboard is also when you go too far with something. Like if you were like, “Colin Firth was absolutely MINDBLOWING in Bridget Jones’s Baby,” you’d be going overboard. Or if you were asked to bring napkins to a potluck, and you brought, like, napkins, paper towels, more napkins, and toilet paper, you’d be going waaaay overboard.

Overhand - It’s the way you throw something when you throw something. You know what I mean. You lift your arm up with the ball and then bring it back and then, like, snap (?) it forward and release the ball. I don’t know, dude - if you don’t know how to throw overhand, you definitely shouldn’t be learning from a dictionary.

Oversee - To be in charge of something. I used to be a camp counselor and I was responsible for overseeing six middle school campers. There was this one little hobbit-looking shit named Robby who wouldn’t stop throwing a bouncy ball in the cabin and I was like, “Robby, please stop. That might hit someone.” Then he threw it as hard as he could, and it hit an exposed lightbulb and a little piece of glass hit me right in the eye. I had to get another counselor to oversee my cabin while I went to the nurse and got the glass out. Robby, if you’re reading this - fuck you, you little shit.

Overstay - When you stay too long. It’s only ever used when someone’s like, “Tammy overstayed her welcome.” It means Tammy was supposed to be there for two days but she stayed for five days. Fuck Tammy.

Oxide - I wanna say it’s oxygen that you shouldn’t inhale? Like nitrous oxide, or carbon dioxide. So just to review, oxygen is good, oxide is bad. “Step aside, ide. Come on in, gen.” That might be a way kids can remember it I dunno.


P

Pabulum - A body part? That’s a guess, but it seems right, right? It’s probably one of those tiny bones in your ear or the soft spot behind your knee or something. Or maybe it’s the inside of your belly button? Let’s go with that. The inside of your belly button is called the pabulum.

Pachysandra - Are you fucking kidding me with this? Is this a Pokemon?

Pacific - When something is calm and peaceful. That’s actually why the Pacific Ocean is called the Pacific Ocean. Magellan named it that because the water was so calm and peaceful. Did I only know that because I literally just Googled the word “pacific” cuz I didn’t realize it was a word outside of being the name of an ocean? Fucking maybe.

Packer - Someone who packs something? Is that really all it is? Cuz there’s a whole football team called the Green Bay Packers, and that doesn’t seem super intimidating. “ to face off against a team of people who packs stuff. Like, “Get ready to go down! WE ARE THE VIKINGS!!!” “Oh yeah? Well you’re the ones who are going down. We’re the Packers, and it’s time for us to pack, cuz we’ve gotta get ready for our vacation and our flight leaves in three hours!”

Paintball - Alright, so I’ve never actually played paintball, but I think it’s like laser tag but with paint. And the paint is in ball form? I don’t know how they get the paint to be round like balls, but whatever, it sounds cool. So you shoot these balls of paint at your buddies, and if you get shot it splatters everywhere. You probably have to wear goggles.

Palmtop - The top of a palm tree? That can’t be right, but I don’t feel like looking it up. I’m done with this definition.

Pamphleteer - I thought it was someone who hands out pamphlets like on the sidewalk, but I just looked it up and it turns out it’s someone who writes pamphlets. That’s funny, though. I never picture an actual person writing pamphlets. It feels like all the info inside pamphlets was sort of “just there” if that makes sense?

Paragraph - A chunk of sentences all packed together. It starts when you hit “Tab,” and then it ends whenever it ends, but hopefully it’s not too long. Long paragraphs are THE WORST. It’s like, dude, just chop that shit up. Gotta get through this booook, know what I mean?

Paraphrase - To say what someone else said, but usually it’s a lot shorter and more to-the-point. So if you wanted to paraphrase Martin Luther King Jr.’s “I Have A Dream” speech, you’d be like, “I have a dream that white people stopped being such massive dicks to black people.”

Parietal - This is one of the brain lobes. I think there are four brain lobes? It’s like, frontal lobe, temporal lobe, upper lobe (?), and parietal. I only know this cuz one time my Uncle Remus got a really bad kidney stone, and I flipped through a brain pamphlet while my family waited at the hospital. They let Remus keep the kidney stone, which was like raisin-sized, and he shows it off at parties sometimes. 

Parsimony - Ah right, I've definitely seen this word before. I wanna say it's a legal thing? No wait, maybe that's alimony. Maybe this is a fruit? No wait, that's persimmon. Yeah, I don't fucking know. Who cares? We’ll all be dead in fifty years because of climate change.

Parsnip - I know it’s a vegetable but if I had to look at a police lineup of vegetables, I absolutely wouldn’t be able to pick out the parsnip. I’m imagining a weird skinny turnip. I don’t know.

Partite - Probably a rock or a Pokemon. Who gives a shit?

Partition - A barrier between two things. The most famous partition is the one between a limo driver and the people at the back of the limo. If you ask the driver to put up the partition, it means you’re finna boink. 

Partway - Part of the way. For example, if you’re forty minutes into watching “Finding Dory,” you’re “partway” through it. I watched that movie alone a few months ago and I cried harder than I’ve ever cried in my life. I don’t even remember why. It just hit me in the right spot and I lost it. 

Partygoer - If you can’t figure this one out by yourself, I’m surprised you can even read in the first place.

Patchy - When a guy’s beard is kinda splotchy and weird. It grows in patches and doesn’t look full. I guess other stuff could be “patchy” but it’s mostly the weird beard thing. #WeirdBeard

Patella - Why are there so many useless words? This isn’t a thing. I could go up to every person in the world and say “Do you recognize this word?” and every single one of them would say, “Absolutely not.” 

Patois - I don’t know what this word means, but I do know it’s pronounced  “pa-TWA.” Why do I know that?

Patrol - Cops but they’re way more annoying about it. Patrol feels like they just don’t leave you alone. Like can’t you kind of picture two cops on the beach, and they have jackets that say BEACH PATROL, and they ride around, hoping that you do something wrong? They’ll write you a ticket if you toss, like, a Lay’s wrapper in the sand instead of the garbage and it’s like, dudes, it’s the beach… it’s fine.

Patrolman - A man who is on said patrol.

Paycheck - A check that gives you money for doing your job. I hope I’m getting paid for writing this dictionary. No one’s told me if I am or if I’m not.

Peach - A juicy, sweet, peach-colored fruit that’s delicious when it’s ripe and tastes like mealy garbage the other 95% of the time.

Peat - Peat… peat… peat… Nope. Nothing. If you tried to play this in Scrabble, no one would let you have it.

Pebble - A tiny rock whose main purpose on this earth is to get stuck in your shoe when you’re on a hike.

Pedagogy - I’m like 98% sure this is the study of teaching, but 2% of me is like… does this have to do with feet?

Peer - Someone who’s equal to you but they don’t necessarily have to be your friend. Like, emotional closeness isn’t implied. Otherwise, Ross and Phoebe would have been “Peers.”

Pendulum - I think it’s like a big ball that swings back and forth, and there’s like a center part, or something. I’m pretty sure it’s scientific in some way.

Peninsula - Oh, I know this! It’s when there’s land, but there’s water around most of it. Florida is the classic example. Florida should be called a penis-ula.

Know what I’m sayin’?

Peon - I wanna say it’s like an atom or a nucleus or nucleon or one of those fuckin’ things, but I feel like I once saw a rich person in a movie call another person a “useless peon.” So maybe it does mean atom. The more I think about it, the more calling someone nothing more than an atom seems mean as hell. I think I’m gonna start calling people I’m mad at an “atom.” Fuck, I guess my friend Adam Witko won’t know when I’m mad at him then. Hmmm.

Percolate - I think it’s when coffee is like, becoming coffee?

Pergola - I don’t know what this is - a flower? a body part? - but for some reason, I could totally imagine an extremely hideous woman being named this. Like, “Hi, this is my friend Pergola,” and then you look at Pergola and she has a giant black unibrow and one square tooth right in the middle of her mouth.

Perhaps - A slightly more sexually suggestive way to say maybe. “Will I see you later tonight, Sylvia?” “Perhaps…”

Peripheral - When you see stuff without looking at it, if that makes sense? Like it’s the stuff that the side part of your eyes sees. So if you’re driving, and there’s another car driving in the next lane over, you’re looking at that car with your peripheral vision. But then once you turn your head to look at it, you’re just… looking at it. And that also means you’re bad at driving.

Permission - To get someone’s permission to do something. The classic example is that you need your mom or dad’s permission to go on a field trip. Usually if you’re lazy, you can just forge your mom or dad’s signature and it all works out.

Per Se - It’s like when something’s almost something, but it’s not that thing. Like you might say, “a cheetah isn’t exactly a leopard per se, but if you call a leopard a cheetah, don’t feel bad about yourself.” Or, this isn’t exactly the best definition of per se, per se, but if you’re looking up “per se,” then maybe you’re the problem?

Persona - It’s when the person that you are isn’t the real person you are. You’re putting on a persona. Remember that thing where Garth Brooks was Chris Gaines? So weird. It’s like, why? Anyway, Chris Gaines was his persona. Then again, Garth Brooks is probably a persona too. I bet his real name is, like, Marty Dugan and he secretly hates all this country music shit. Or wait, here’s another example of a persona. Ellen DeGeneres has a really friendly persona on TV, but then there was that whole thing where her staff said that working for her was like being in hell. My friend Noah worked there and apparently Ellen used to, like, bite the interns? Even if they did something right?

Perspicacious - You could give me 100 tries, and I still wouldn’t get this word right. Is it when someone sweats too much? Is it when someone is afraid of sunlight? Is it when someone is immature but kinda hot?

Petrochemical - Let’s see… petrify means to scare someone. And chemical means chemicals. So I guess petrochemical is when you scare someone with chemicals, maybe by throwing chemicals in their face?

Peyote - A hallucinogenic cactus thing that I’m too scared to do. Probably some of that has to do with it sounding like “coyote.” It also has to do with my friend Cory Poole, who did peyote once and he’s never been the same since. He told me that an hour after taking peyote, he barfed a ton, then he felt calm for like a minute before suddenly seeing a small square-jawed naked man holding a chameleon. The chameleon had bulbous eyes, like inappropriately large. Embedded in the scales surrounding its kneecaps were what he described as “alien foliage,” which he said was pink grass that had human eyes. Anyway, long story short, he understands death now. He says it’s not “nothingness,” but that it’s formless, punitive, and eternal. And he says he’s 100% certain about that. Fuuuuck.

Philanthropy - When wealthy people give a lot of money. They’ll donate to like a charity for orphans or a school or a hospital and then people will name a building after them and everyone will be like, “Wow, that guy was rich as hell but also... nice?”

Phoebe - Wait, for real? Like from Friends? I don’t remember defining Chandler. But uh… ok. She was like, the blonde one on Friends who was kinda dumb and played guitar.

Photoshop - When you fuck around with a picture to make it look funnier. Like if you put Cindy Crawford’s head on a crawfish and called it Cindy Crawfish. Wait, let me try that.

Heh heh. Nice.

Piccolo - Flute, but smaller.

Pickax - The weird little hammer thing that old-timey miners used to dig for coal. If I had to guess, I’d say the last time someone used one of these was 1894. 

Picturesque - When something in real life is so perfect, it seems kinda like a picture. By the way, you can add “esque” to anything and it means “kinda like that thing.” I could be like, “Wow that is so turtle-esque” and it would mean I was looking at something that kinda looks like a turtle but isn’t a turtle. So maybe like, a cat with a shell on top? I don’t know.
(But we photoshop in a cat under the shell)

Pilaf - I know “rice pilaf” is a food but that is the extent of my pilaf-related knowledge.

Pinch - When you squeeze your thumb and index finger over someone’s skin because you’re a piece of shit.

Pinochle - It’s a card game, and I would describe what it is but I haven’t turned 96 yet.

Piping hot - This is when something is REALLY hot. Like coffee or a Pizza Roll. I think it only applies to foods and drinks. Wow, I fucking nailed this definition.

Pistachio - Okay, it’s a nut. And it’s a small nut. And it’s in a shell. And the shell kind of looks like a mini-clamshell. Why do I feel like I’m in a fucking game of Password instead of defining a word? Anyway, yeah, they’re small… and they’re served in a bowl… I guess. Man, describing nuts is hard. Alright, look. It’s like the Supreme Court’s definition of how you can tell when something is porn - “I know it when I see it.”

Placid - I think it’s like, when a lake is calm? Like you’re sort of sitting on some dock, looking out at the lake, and the water’s still, and the trees are quiet and peaceful, and then you take out your phone to see what your friends posted on Instagram cuz a still lake is boring as shit. (Oh, also it’s important to remember that placid is different from “flaccid,” which is the soft penis thing.)

Platinum - It’s a… metal? But like a futuristic metal. It honestly feels like it came out of nowhere. Silver and gold were riding high as the top two metals, then BOOM -- platinum is better all of a sudden. Feels like someone was sick of those other two being the most important metals, so they just made up platinum and convinced everyone it was real and mattered. I’m not convinced it’s actually a thing.

Playground - An outdoor place where lots of kids congregate to have fun. You know playgrounds - slides, tire swings, monkey bars, see-saws, etc. Damn, I really wanna go to a playground now. Sucks that I can’t, though. Even if I didn’t have to stay inside and write this fucking dictionary, I don’t have kids, so I really can’t go to a playground unless I feel like getting arrested. They should have adult playgrounds. I guess that’s what a strip club is. Damn. Life’s sad.

Pleasure - Something that makes you feel really good, like biting into a warm chocolate chip cookie or getting your nipples sucked by the love of your life.

Plenary - No clue.

Plenipotentiary - No fucking clue. 

Plenitude - Nope.

Plenteous - No idea.

Plentiful - When you have plenty of something.

Plenty - When there’s a lot of something.

Plenum - No clue.

Plethora - A bunch of something. But if you need to say there’s a bunch of something, just say “there’s a bunch of something.” Don’t say “plethora.” That’s like starting a sentence with “Hence.” Go back to the 1800’s if you’re trying to sling that shit around here.

Plight - When something is really bad for someone. You hear stuff like “the plight of children” or “the plight of animals” which means those kids and animals are in some sort of fucked up situation. Maybe the kids’ animals died or the animals’ kids died? I don’t know, but it’s not good whatever it is.

Plow - A farm tool that breaks up soil.

Plowboy - A boy that uses the farm tool that breaks up soil.

Plowman - A slightly older plowboy? Who cares?

Plowshare - Okay, enough with all these “plow” words. We all know what a fucking plow is. Let me guess, now I have to define “plow-sister”? Then “plow-wife?” Fuck off.

Plum - A fat reddish-purple fruit. A prune is just a dried plum. Wait, I should save that for the “prune” definition. I’ll just copy-paste it over there. Anyway, I don’t think I’ve ever had a plum. It just hasn’t really come up, you know?

Ply - I think this means “layer” cuz toilet paper comes in one-ply and two-ply, which means it has either one or two layers. I’m not sure why you’d need two layers in your toilet paper. Maybe it feels softer on your ass? Or maybe it makes it less likely to break so you don’t get poop on your hand? I’m sorry I’m not better at defining words.

Pneumoconiosis - Oh, sure. I know what this word means. Everyone knows what this word means. People can’t stop talking about “pneumoconiosis.” Everywhere I turn, it’s “pneumoconiosis,” “pneumoconiosis,” “pneumoconiosis.” Why even include it in the dictionary? We all know what it is already.

Pock - A weird indent on your face because you had bad acne. My Uncle Phillip had pretty bad pockmarks. They were so bad, he must have had like 70 zits at once or something.

Pocket - A pocket is a hole in your pants or shirt that’s supposed to be there. It’s so you can carry stuff without having to hold it. Some examples of stuff people put in their pockets are keys, money, your phone, a lighter, gum, wait why the hell am I listing stuff you put in your pocket? This is a dumb list.

Polar Bear - One of those large white bears that hangs out in the Arctic or the Central Park Zoo. I think they’re named after the Polar Bear Club, which is where groups of people go swimming in freezing cold water in the winter. Oh, polar bears also endorse (or endorsed?) Coca-Cola, which I always thought was weird. It’s like, “Hey, do you wanna be as cool as this polar bear? Drink Coke, cuz this polar bear drinks Coke, and then you will become like this polar bear.”

Pompadour - I think it’s that style of haircut that, like, Adam Levine has, and maybe like, all the characters in “West Side Story.”

Pompom - A ball made of, like, confetti strings (???) that cheerleaders shake throughout the game. I guess the idea is that the crowd has the intelligence of an 8-month-old baby and therefore gets excited when they see pompoms? I dunno… if you ask me, pompoms just look like a character that Dr. Seuss never completed.

Pork - Dead pig that you eat. I never thought about this until now, but I guess that means that Porky Pig’s name means Dead Pig Pig.

Portfolio - It’s basically like a collection of all the stuff you’ve made that’s good. You combine it all together because you want to get a job or something. So you’ll tell someone to take a look at your portfolio, which makes them think that you’re good at, like, graphic design for example, when in fact the majority of graphics you’ve designed are bad. Like if you designed a logo for Google that looked like this:


You would not want to put this in your portfolio.

Poser - This is a person who pretends to like something to fit in. There was this kid named Travis Blakenship in middle school who used to wear Green Day shirts to school and everyone called him a poser cuz they didn’t think he actually listened to Green Day. I went to his house once to hang out, and no joke his parents were in their 70s. They must have had him when they were in their 60s. I couldn’t believe it. I still can’t believe it.

Posy - I think this is a flower, cuz there’s that kid song that goes “Ring around the rosie, pocket full of posies.” But I’ve never seen a posy before (?). No one is ever like, “Look at those beautiful posies.” People go nuts for tulips and roses and other flowery shit like that, but no one’s gushing about posies.

Potluck - A dinner or other meal but usually dinner where everyone brings a dish. For years I’ve gotten away with being the “napkins guy.” It’s the best. I don’t have to prepare shit. Just buy some napkins and show up. 

Prawn - Shrimp, right? Yeah. Right?

Prefabricate - To fabricate something before you...fabricate it?

Precipitation - Things that come out of the clouds and fall to the ground. Examples include rain, snow, hail and sleet. I feel like sleet is the most obscure type of precipitation. It’s kind of like, mean rain, if that makes sense? It’s the Ringo of weather.

Preface - The thing at the beginning of a book that no one reads. It’s always written by some book expert or something. The first sentence could be, “You have to read the preface or you won’t understand this book,” and I’d still skip it. Don’t make me read before I have to read. I’ve already gone out of my way to read and now I have to pre-read? Fucking pass.

Prelude - This is something that happens before a bigger thing, especially when the things are music. Like, if you go to see a musical, the orchestra will play a “prelude,” which is a shorter version of all the songs in the musical. It’s like a sampler platter of songs, I guess? Yeah, that’s pretty good. A sampler platter of songs. I like that. Oh, I also feel like rap albums have preludes. But instead of a sampler platter, it’s just a recording of a random voicemail the rapper got once and they thought it’d be good in the middle of an album. But it’s not. Rap preludes suck. The rappers think they’re artsy or something, but it’s just a wasted track. I wanna listen to music. Wait. Fuck. That’s not a prelude, that’s an interlude. Rap albums have interludes. I guess an interlude is just a prelude that comes later? Damn, I nailed it with that sampler platter analogy and then fucked everything up.

Premarital - Stuff that happens before you’re married. I’ve only heard of this in the context of “premarital sex” but I guess just about anything can be considered premarital if you aren’t married yet. Just ate a shrimp taco? That’s a premarital shrimp taco.

Premonition - When you just kind of sense that something’s going on between your fiancée and your friend Trevor. You have a vision of them fucking in a Courtyard by Marriott two weeks after you propose, and then it often turns out that that did happen. Premonitions can also be for other stuff.

Preposition - All the tiny words in the middle of sentences that you need to keep the sentence going. Like in that last sentence, I used “in” and “of” and “to.” They’re words that barely mean anything but we need them or we’d say stuff like, “I went the grocery store bought rice saw Derrick Hobson high school friend not doing well divorce working Honda plant night shift weird neck tattoo his ex-wife.”

Prerequisite - A thing you gotta do before you do another thing. Like if you wanna take a really hard math class, it’s often a prerequisite that you take a pretty hard math class. And to take that pretty hard math class, it’s a prerequisite that you take a regular math class. I’m not very good at math. It’s hard and doesn’t seem necessary. After all these years, though, I still remember the quadratic formula. X equals negative b plus or minus the square root of b squared minus… shit, it’s definitely minus something but I can’t remember. Minus sounds like penis.

Presbyterian - This is a type of Christian but I don’t really know what their “deal” is. Like, I don’t know what makes them different from other Christians. I know Catholics love the Pope and Mormons live in Utah, but Presbyterians, no clue. Maybe they don’t eat meat?

Prescribe - When a doctor lets you take a certain type of medicine. The doctor’s gotta sign off on it, and that way you can go to a pharmacy and pick it up. Otherwise you gotta know a dude who knows a dude with a van who knows a freaky person, and they can usually hook you up.

Present - 1) Now. “It’s the present.” 2) Here. “I am present.” 3) A gift. “Here’s a present.” 4) Give. “I present to you this present.”

Presumptuous - When you assume so much, people think you’re an asshole. Like if someone texts you “Hey wanna grab a drink?” and you say “Sorry, I’m really not trying to date right now” and they’re like “Um, I just wanna grab a drink” so you’re like “Oh sorry” and they’re like “That’s very presumptuous of you.” Anyway, I did this exact thing with my friend Rebecca and we haven’t talked in like two weeks. 

Prick - (1) When you prick your finger. You can accidentally prick your finger on something, like a thorn OR a doctor will prick your finger on purpose if they need a blood sample. (2) A cruder(?) way to say “penis.” Apparently it’s a pretty bad word if you’re using it as an insult. In high school, I was in art class and called Ethan Rucker a prick and my art teacher Ms. Kelly was like, “Hey! Don’t say that!” and everyone else in the class looked at me like, “Whoa, I can’t believe you said that in front of the teacher.” But I didn’t realize it was that bad. I thought calling someone a “prick” was the same as calling someone “jerk,” but it’s more like calling someone “a piece of shit.”

Prima donna - This is someone who thinks they’re hot shit. But I’m not kidding, up until like two years ago, I thought it was spelled “pre-Madonna.” I thought it meant, like, “before Madonna.” I’m a fucking moron.

Prime Minister - The president but for countries that aren’t America.

Pristine - When something’s, like, shiny and perfect and new? I think of a horse as being pristine, but that doesn’t really make sense, since horses kind of look like idiots and they often shit while walking.

Prize - What you win when you win something. Does that make sense?

Probable - Something that is likely. For example, if you run into a Walgreens and yell “I’M MEGHAN MARKLE! I’M MEGHAN MARKLE! ASK FOR MY AUTOGRAPH! I AM A PRINCESS!” while punching a bag of tortilla chips, it’s “probable” that you’ll be kicked out of Walgreens.

Progress - To get closer to the thing you want. A classic example is this fucking dictionary I’m writing. Most days it doesn’t feel like I’ve made any PROGRESS with it. I’ve been working on this thing for nine years now and I’m only at fucking P. That’s barely over halfway done, which doesn’t feel like a lot of PROGRESS. It’s going so slowly. I have to go one word at a time, and I never know what the next word will be until I’m done with the previous word. And the thing about words is that they never fucking stop. There’s always more words. More, more, more, more, more, more, more words. And I don’t know why I’m writing all these word definitions. No one told me anything. I’m just sitting at a chair and a desk in a windowless, fucking DOORLESS room in front of a typewriter, typing up word definitions. Why the fuck did they give me a typewriter!? It’s 2023 - we’ve had computers for like 50 years. Also, I’m always a little hungry. Not very hungry. Just a little hungry. Which in certain ways is more annoying than being very hungry because it’s less definitive. Fuck. The word “definitive” reminds me of the word “definition” which I hate because it feels like I will never stop defining words. What is this? Why is this happening? Another thing that sucks is that the longer I emote about my situation, the longer it takes to get to the next word. So while on the one hand, it theoretically should help me, emotionally, to get out my feelings, it also makes it that much worse. Well, I can at least tell you one thing I know for sure - There Is No God. God can suck my fucking cock. Pfnkldnlsjfdcijosdslknams, dfk emfkncikn lk n xklsLK ALS,DMX C;SDFMD NSNnfl jnfl mdf. In summary, I do not feel as though I have made any PROGRESS.

Promise - When you tell someone you’ll do something, and you 100% mean it. That doesn’t necessarily mean you have to end up doing that thing, but you have to mean it when you say it. Or you at least have to act like you mean it. But I don’t know, man, promises are dangerous territory. Either you keep your promise and you met the expectation, or you didn’t keep your promise and so you fucked up. That’s why I only promise people I won’t do stuff. For instance, I promised my nephew Anthony I wouldn’t come to his tee-ball game. Then I came, and he was extra happy to see me. I broke my promise, but shattered expectations.

Pronto - It’s like a dumb cool guy way of saying, “Now!” Like if your pregnant girlfriend’s about to give birth, you might hail a cab and tell the driver, “To the hospital! Pronto!” If he asks why, you can just say, “Ugh! What’s wrong with you? There’s no time to explain! I said pronto!” And then hopefully he doesn’t kick you out.

Propane - I guess this is a type of gas, right? Like petroleum? Are petroleum and gas the same thing? Anyway, propane comes in little tanks and you use it to fuel grills and stuff like that. I knew some people with big white propane tanks in their backyards growing up and I always had this irrational fear that they would explode and destroy everything. I think it’s because a kid on my block named Dalton Shultz told me he knew someone whose propane tank exploded because fire ants crawled inside. That’s obviously ridiculous, but my little dumb ass believed him and to this day I’m afraid to get too close to one of those tanks.

Proprietor - The owner of something. But not like, a toaster. Usually you say it when it’s 1894 and you’re like, “Allow me to introduce my own person. I am Goodwyn W. Masonbrother and I am the proprietor of this here 6,000 acre estate.” And you’re wearing a three-piece suit, swamp boots, and you have a mustache and a bullwhip and you smell like shit cuz it’s 1894.

Protein - This is, like, a type of thing that’s in food? Wait, let me start over. It’s something that’s in food that gets measured a lot, and I think it’s good to have a lot of protein. Protein isn’t a food. Like it’s not like the recipe for chicken casserole would say, “Two cups of protein.” But it might say, “Two cups of chicken,” and chicken is protein. Eggs and peanut butter and meat and I think spinach leaves and stuff like that all has a lot of protein. Okay, it’s hard to define what protein is, but if you pointed at a food, I could probably say if it has a lot of protein or not. Let’s not do that, though. I’d rather do something else.

Provocateur - Someone who provokes. If you ask me, this word is too formal and French-sounding for something that basically just means “little shit.”

Prune - A prune is just a dried plum.

Pucker - It’s when you do this with your lips. You can’t see me right now but I’m puckering.

Pudding - A goopy, creamy dessert. I love pudding. I used to eat Snack Packs like it was my job. If I had to choose between one butterscotch Snack Pack and twenty thousand dollars, I would take the money. I’m not a fucking idiot.

Puddle - A small area of water or mud that’s left over after it rains. Kids love jumping in them for fun, but adults hate stepping in them. I feel like you really turn a corner on puddles when you hit puberty. You go from like, “Weee, let’s splash around!” to “Fuck, my fucking sock’s wet. Fuck.”

Puerperal - Uh… I assume this is how a moron spells “purple.”

Puerperal fever - Hm, ok. So this is some sort of disease. It’s probably one of those pioneer-y things where a family has 8 kids, and 7 of them died of “puerperal fever” in infancy. And you just kinda shrugged it off because it’s 1814 and everything sucks shit.


Puff - Like, a puff of smoke. A bunch of smoke. A puffy smoke cloud. Also, Puff Daddy was an example of someone named Puff. Oh, and there was Puff the Magic Dragon. What was his power again? He was high all the time?

Pugilism - You’re not gonna believe me, but this means “boxing.” Like, the punching sport that Rocky does. I only know this cuz my friend’s dad used to box. He had really bad cauliflower ears, to the point it was like, “Why do you keep doing this?” Anyway, I don’t know why the name changed from “pugilism” to “boxing.” I guess words tend to get less fancy over time? Kinda like how “mobile phone” became “cell” or “motion picture” became “movie.” We went from “pugilism” to “boxing,” and in another hundred years, it’ll probably be called something even dumber, like “dorf.” 

Pulchritude - I’ve definitely heard this word before but I don’t remember what it means. Sorry.

Pulmonary - Stuff that has to do with your lungs.

Puma - A big wild cat, kinda like a cougar. I only know that because there’s a clothing brand called Puma and its logo is a puma. The brand was pretty big in the 90s, but I never felt cool enough to wear it. If I rolled up wearing Puma, people wouldn’t be like, “Wow, you look so cool.” They would be like, “Why are you wearing that? Did you lose a bet?”

Pumice - Holy shit, I know this. It’s a really light rock. Like, deceptively light. Like, you expect it to weigh the same amount as a normal rock, but then you hold it, and it’s lighter. My middle school science teacher Mrs. Heims passed a piece of pumice around once and everyone got to hold it. Mrs. Heims was cool. But she was, like, constantly pregnant. She’d have a baby and two weeks after coming back to school, she’d be like, “I’m pregnant again.”

Pumpernickel - This is a type of bread that’s famous for having the funniest name.

Pumpkin - Big orange fruit that grows in pumpkin patches. Every October, we gather the whole family around and stab it until it has a funny face. This is normal. 

Puncture - To put a hole in something. Like when you have to put that pointy yellow straw into the Capri Sun hole. I haven’t had a Capri Sun in twenty years, but yeah, that’s the most puncture-y thing I can think of. Wait, no, I lied. I had a Capri Sun at a friend’s bachelor party like two years ago. We got drunk and bought like 6 cases of Capri Suns as a bit. It wasn’t a good bit. 

Punditocracy - A government run by… pundits…? Which are people… on TV… who talk about politics? Fuck, I don’t know. They’re just making up words at this point. Earlier today, I asked one of the guards if I could have some fruit because my blood sugar feels low, and he just did a throat-slitting motion and walked away.

Punitive - Not 100% on this, but I think it has to do with punishment. I watched a lawyer show once and someone said “punitive damages,” which I think means someone had to pay money as punishment for the bad thing they did. Lawyer shows are full of words I don’t really understand, like “affidavit” and “alimony.” I’m a dumbass.

Pupu - I think this means the platter. There’s something called a “pupu platter.” I wanna say it’s a Chinese thing, but if that’s wrong, I’m so sorry. In my head, it kinda looks like a charcuterie board, but instead of cheese and grapes, it’s like, more Chinese-centric? No matter where it’s from, you have to admit “pupu” is a funny name. It’d be like calling something the “ass combo.”

Puritan - Pilgrims, basically. They’re the 17th Century-ass pilgrims who were way too religious and uptight about everything. They burned witches and had sex with their eyes closed and had like 26 sons and daughters named “Jebediah.” Wait, maybe that’s more of an Amish name? Either way, the Puritans sucked.

Push-Up - Let’s see if I can describe this. Okay, it’s when you’re parallel to the floor and you’re propping yourself up with your arms, then you release your arms so they bend and your body dips to the floor, and then you push yourself up with your arms again. I hate push-ups. I can’t do more than 10 at a time, or 2 if I’m being honest. Plus your hands get dirty which is annoying.

Pyre - This is a big pile of sticks that you burn bodies on. I don’t know if anyone still uses pyres or if they’re even legal, but it used to be a thing, I guess. Maybe in the 1400s? That feels right. You’d gather with your loved ones, toss grandpa on a bonfire and watch his body burn. Pretty metal. Maybe I’ll request a pyre funeral. How do you request something like that? Is there, like, funeral paperwork? I mean, what are they gonna do if I don’t fill out the right paperwork? Kill me? I’ll already be burnt to a crisp by the time the funeral police show up.

Pyromania - When someone loves starting fires. I guess it’s a pathology, but it kind of just seems like a dickhead thing. Like if you’re gonna go around setting everything on fire, maybe just jerk off instead? Or I dunno, like play that rubber ball ping-pong paddle game? This kid I went to high school with named Joey Jenkins was a total pyromaniac. He once got attacked by his own dog when he tried to light it on fire. Super fucked up. Last I heard he’s now a pastor with two adopted kids (both Asian).

Pyx - I can say, without a shred of doubt, that I have no clue what this word means. Looks pretty cool, though. Ah fuck, now I have to define “Q” words. This blows.


Q
Quack - The sound a duck makes. You can also call a crazy person a “quack.” My Uncle Remus is a quack. He tried selling his toenails on eBay. Worst part is he made like 7 bucks.
(PIC OF UNCLE REMUS)

Quadrangle - Right. Let’s break this down. “Quad” means “four” and “angle” means “angle,” so this word means “four angles.” Quadrangle means “four angles.”

Quadruple - Four of something. You can remember it cuz in baseball, there’s a single, a double, a triple, and a… oh wait, fuck. Never mind.

Quagmire - Okay, I’m like 11% certain that it has something to do with caves or war, but it’s definitely a character from Family Guy. He’s the dude who says “Giggity.” I just Google image searched “quagmire” and it’s just showing up as the dude from Family Guy, so maybe forget about the caves and war stuff.

Quagmire

Quality - This is a couple of stuff. One is like a quality you have, like a thing about you. Like you’re friendly or you’re scared of fire hydrants or you hate Portuguese people or people can count on you to mess up a lot. The other is like a way to measure if something’s good or bad. Like, a quality person probably doesn’t just arbitrarily hate Portuguese people.

Quantity - The amount of something you have. So if you have six chairs, the quantity of chairs you have is six. Sometimes people say “quality over quantity,” which means that it’s better to have, like, five peaches that taste great instead of 200 peaches that taste like mealy bullshit.

Quark - You should ask someone who knows what a quark is.

Quarter - A round piece of metal that’s worth 25 cents. It has George Washington’s face on it, and also there’s like an eagle on the back and there’s something written in Latin, and it says what year the quarter was made and it might say “LIBERTY” or something and you wanna be like, “Dude, calm down. You’re acting like you’re the Constitution. You’re worth like 8 Skittles.”

Quartzite - Something tells me this is a rock. I think it’s that the word ends in “-ite,” which usually means rock. See, this is what I hate about words. Why wouldn’t they just have the ending for all rocks be “-rock.” This would be “quartzrock.” A big rock would be “bigrock.” A rock that sucks would be “dumbrock.” I feel like this isn’t a bad idea, but who do you talk to if you want to change language?

Queen - This one’s actually four things: (1) It’s like the president of all the land, but scarier cuz they can kill you, and you have to be a woman. Also I can’t believe they exist anymore. Didn’t kings and queens go away with like, malaria? What the fuck does Queen Elizabeth do, other than make some expressionless soldier act like he didn’t just sniff her 99-year-old farts? (2) It’s the best chess piece in chess. I’m actually surprised no one has written about how chess is a super-feminist game. The king can move like zero spaces at a time, meanwhile the queen can jump five spaces up and two spaces over and three more spaces up and act like it’s no big deal. (3) This probably belongs in a music dictionary (is that a thing?), but the band Queen is also queen. They did Bohemian Rhapsody and We Will Rock You and they were the subject of that movie about the band Queen. And (4), there’s drag queens, which I’m not gonna define cuz a drag queen lives on my block and one time four months ago I heard him/her screaming at a bodega employee, “You will NOT define me, bitch!” and take his/her Bugles without paying.

Quench - It’s what you do to your thirst when you’re thirsty. You quench your thirst. So I think it basically just means you drink stuff. Yeah. Quench means “drink stuff.” I’ve only ever heard of thirst being quenched. No one’s ever like, “Hey, what’s up? I just quenched a balloon.”

Question - A sentence that ends with one of these - ?. And you don’t say a question, you ask a question. And you ask it when you’re trying to find something out. And your voice usually gets a little higher-pitched. “What kind of car does Jason drive?” is an example of a question.

Quetzal - Nah. Don’t know it.

Quick-Freeze - I guess it’s when you freeze something quickly? Now I’m just picturing a freezer but with a timer, like how a microwave has a timer. That’d be a cool invention. Maybe I’ll work on that in 40 years when I’m done writing this dictionary.

Quicksand - This stuff freaks me out. I don’t know if it’s real or just something that’s in books and movies, but like say you’re in a jungle and you step in some quicksand. You just start slowly drowning. And the only way you can get rescued is if your friend goes to help you, but then your friend is drowning. So then you get another friend to help, but that friend’s like, “Fuck that, I’m not going in no quicksand.”

Quiet - When there’s no sound. It’s also what you say to someone when you want them to shut up. I remember in 6th grade, this kid Chris Brayman was talking in the library and Mrs. Moss, the school librarian, shushed him, and he was like, “But you just made noise by shushing me, so you should be quiet too!” And then Mrs. Moss started crying and saying out loud to everyone that she and her husband were going through a divorce and that life was really hard for her right now. Then when she was done, Chris Brayman jokingly shushed her, and she got fired for throwing an almanac at him. It was paperback, but still.

Quintuple - When there’s five of something. Double’s kinda cool. Triple’s getting weird. Quadruple’s pretty crazy. But then quintuple you’re like, “Holy shit. There’s five of that thing??”

Quondam - What? That’s a word?

Quote - When a sentence is framed by these things -  “ and ” which are quotation marks. Usually, if you’re quoting someone, it’s cuz they said something interesting or awesome, like Nixon saying “I am not a crook” or MLK saying, “I have a dream, etc.” Like I’d never be like, “I quote my waiter when I say, ‘I’ll be right back with those coffee orders.’”

R

Rabbi - A rabbi is… okay, this isn’t going to come out right, but a rabbi is the Jew who’s in charge of all the other Jews. He’s like President Jew. He’s King Jew. You know the dudes - old or old-looking, beard, black hat, Torah. He basically presides over the congregation and leads everyone in prayers and blessings. I guess I could’ve just said the last part and not said all the stuff leading up to it, but it’s getting late and I should just move on to rabbit.

Rabbit - Whoa, so weird that “Rabbit” is just “Rabbi” with a T. Anyway, you know what a rabbit is. Hop hop. Fluffy. Ears. Easter. Trix. Etc. In case you can’t tell the difference, here’s a diagram I made:


Racism - When someone says something racist. I’m trying to decide if me even giving an example of this would count as racist. Okay, I just typed and deleted like seven different examples and even that felt racist, so maybe just Google “Donald Trump rally.”

Radiator - One of those big radiator-looking things that heats up a room. There’s that one type of radiator that I’m thinking of. You know the one. It’s from like 1927. If you touch it for even a half-second it scalds your hand off.

Yep, that’s the one.

Radiophone - What?? Was this ever something? If it was, it couldn’t have lasted past 1951. All I can picture is a radio crazy-glued to a telephone.

Raffle - A way for a school or a church to raise money where you buy tickets and they give away lots of prizes. But I’ve always been confused by this - how do they actually make money if they have to buy all those prizes to give away in the raffle? Like one year my friend Sven Duffy won a 19-inch flat-screen Insignia TV in his church’s raffle. Those things probably cost like a hundred, hundred ten bucks. And I doubt he paid more than, like, two bucks for the ticket. So maybe the point of a raffle is to see how fast a school or church can go bankrupt?

Rainbow - It’s that curved beautiful thing with all the colors. It’s magical. You see it when it’s sunny but raining outside and also when you want to celebrate homosexuality.

That’s a rainbow. Also, I hope this dictionary prints in color. If not, this picture’s kind of a bust.

Rampart - Fuck. Okay. I definitely know they mention it in the Star-Spangled Banner. “For the ramparts we watched were so gallantly streaming.” So okay, I don’t know what it is, but it’s definitely something you can watch, and it’s definitely something that’s gallantly streaming.

Rape - See: Wanton. (Okay, I know “wanton” and “rape” are different, but I really don’t want to define this word.)

Raring - Uhhhh I think it’s when you’re, like, “raring to go.” I’m not fully sure what it means, but I am fully sure that you will never need to say it.

Raspberry - One of those small little red berries that falls apart really easily and for some reason are really expensive.

This shit always happens to me when I get raspberries. Why are raspberries so sensitive?

Rattan - When a rat gets a tan?

Ravioli - Lil bites of pasta with cheese or meat inside. They’re like pizza rolls but way classier. One time I paid 16 bucks for a bowl of ravioli at an upscale Italian place. It was ridiculous. I was like, “Whoa! Sixteen bucks! I bet that’s a ton of ravioli!” and then they pulled up with like 8 tiny raviolis. Never again. You can get a whole can of Chef Boyardee for like three bucks and it’s just as good.

Ray - Everybody loves this guy for some reason.

Razor clam - This is probably a clam that looks sharp. Some scuba diver was like “whoa that clam looks sharp” and now everyone has to call it a razor clam. A clam is kinda like an oyster. It’s a small, wet rock (?) with a soft inside (?) that is somehow alive (?). It’s like the least-alive alive thing, if that makes sense.

Reach - When you put your hand out so you can touch or grab something. One time a waitress took my dirty plate and was like “Pardon my reach” but I thought she said “Pardon my French” and I was like... did the waiter cuss but I missed it?

Reborn - When you’re born again. Not literally, I don’t think, since I don’t think that’s possible. But like when a person killed someone and then a couple years later in prison, they get really into Christianity and unfortunately that’s their whole life now.

Recant - I’m pretty sure this means “to take something back.” Like, if you regret something you said, you can “recant” it, and that means you didn’t really mean it. Like, if you ran up to a nun and yelled “You suck, lady,” you could then “recant” that and maybe get back on the nun’s good side. I did a bad job with this definition. 

Recap - When you summarize something you already talked about. So just to recap, the word recap means when you summarize something you already talked about.

Reciprocate - To do something for someone because they did something for you. So if your friend Lewis gave you $20, you could reciprocate that gesture by giving the $20 back to Lewis and maybe adding, “It’s okay, dude, you don’t owe me $20. Nothing happened.”

Recite - To read like a speech or a poem in front of a crowd. Or a passage. I feel like passages get recited a lot. Like Bible passages and shit. Honestly, if someone’s about to recite something, I’m about to leave.

Recliner - That big fat chair with the long handle on the side that if you pull it, you can kick back, relax, and watch football while farting.

Recombinant - I don’t know. This feels like one of those words that’s just a combination of like five different words but doesn’t actually mean anything. Maybe that’s literally what it means - “A combination of like five different words that exists solely to make sure the dictionary has 6,395,439 words instead of 6,395,438.”

Rectangle - That basic shape where two sides are long, but they’re also the same length, and they’re opposite each other, so they’re parallel. Yeah. And then the other two sides are shorter, but they’re also the same length and parallel to each other. Oh yeah, and there’s four sides total. I should’ve started by saying there’s four sides. Look, it’s the fucking shape that your iPhone is, okay? Honestly, is there any world where reading a description of a rectangle is better than just seeing a picture of it?

Why the fuck couldn’t I just use this?

Red-winged blackbird - How will I ever be able to figure out what this is??? Uhh, is it a blue bird with, uhhh, purple wings? Give me a break. Sorry, I’m in a bad mood today. I woke up and immediately stepped on a thumb tack.


Red Herring - Nice, it worked. Okay, it’s like when you say or do something to distract from the thing you’re trying to hide. Like if you killed someone and dragged their body to the closet, and then your roommate came home, you might cook your roommate dinner to distract from the dead body. I’d just suggest not cooking herring, unless you really feel like dancing on the edge.

Red oak - I’m so sick of this. Since when is every type of tree in the dictionary? Also, isn’t this one obvious? It’s a fucking oak tree that’s red. What alien freak is buying a dictionary to understand what obvious trees are? Move these definitions to a book about trees. Jesus Christ.

Redound - Redound? Re...dound? Red...ound. Redo-und…(?) Did they mean rebound? Cuz rebound, I know. Everyone knows rebound. But redound? No. Absolutely not. 

Red Squirrel - A squirrel that’s red. Ugh. Come on.

Reentry - When you enter something that you already entered. So like, if you go to an Arcade Fire concert and midway through you wanna smoke a cigarette, you’d go outside and do that, and if you’re still wearing one of those bright green wristband things that always stick to your fucking arm hair, then they’ll let you back into the show. Man, I fucking hate those wristbands. Why are they so hard to get off? Isn’t it just paper? Oh yeah, so the part where you reenter the concert is the reentry.

Reforestation - Hmmm I’ve heard of “deforestation.” That means cutting down the forest. So I’ll guess that reforestation means “realizing it was a mistake to cut down the forest, so you grow the forest back and hope no one notices.”

Refugee - Someone who flees their home country to come to America. Well, I don’t want to say refugees only come to America, but we’re definitely kicking ass in that department.

Regalia - Fancy pants stuff. The kind of shit that kings and queens have, like capes and scepters and crowns. It’s just a big show to be like “We’re rich and important.” If they sold one ounce of their regalia crap, we could fix world hunger, but nope. I guess it’s more important for one elderly woman to live in a castle and do nothing (?).

Regular - Plain. Normal. Boring. Standard. If you’re a regular guy, you’re probably like 5’10” and you weigh 180 pounds and you wear pants and a shirt and you have a job and you watch TV and you read a book and you walk down the street and you have a phone and you use it and you eat food and you talk and you sleep at night and wake up in the morning and eat breakfast and the stuff I just described is what your whole life is.

Relief - This is a good feeling you get when something that was maybe gonna be bad turns out to be okay or even good. Like if your landlord keeps bugging you for the rent money, but then suddenly he’s in a coma for some reason. He can’t ask you for the money now cuz of the coma, and it’s not like he died or anything, so you don’t have to feel bad. So you’d feel relief when his daughter tells you he’s in a coma. Hypothetically speaking.


Remedy - A thing that cures something. Usually it’s some weird-ass homemade concoction. When I used to have a cough, my grandma would be like, “Here, drink a glass of my special ginger-parsley-saltwater bullshit,” and I’d be like, “Um, all good, Grandma. I’ll just ride it out.”

Rendezvous - This is when you meet with someone at a specific location. I’m not sure why it has to be such a fancy French word, but it just means like, “Let’s meet here at this time.”

Repent - When you feel bad about something you did, so you tell everyone how bad you feel about it because you want God to forgive you. I knew this kid named Stewart Berry in middle school, and he would piss on his stepdad’s toothbrush and put it back. No joke. His stepdad sucked, but come on. That’s disgusting. Anyway, Stewart never repented. He was a little shit.

Repercussion - A negative consequence because of something you did. For example, if you kick an iguana off a cliff, the repercussion would be no one wanting to be your friend because that’s super fucked up.

Repertoire - I think this is basically just an actor’s resume. Like when you flip open a Playbill and you see the actor’s headshot next to a bunch of stuff they’ve acted in like, “Veronica is thrilled to be joining the cast of Kinky Boots as Backup Dancer #3. Previously, she has appeared as Orphan #7 in Annie, Cat #4 in Cats, and a fucking tree in Peter Pan.”

Reportedly - When something is true according to what people have heard in reports. I mean, it’s not like an official report. It’s not a stack of papers or whatever. It’s just the word on the street, I guess. Like my high school math teacher Mr. Martin “reportedly” got fired for watching porn at school. There wasn’t an official document that said “He watched porn,” but everyone fucking knew he did.

Repository - Okay, so I know a suppository is something you stick in your butt, so I’m gonna make an educated guess and say this is… something that comes OUT of your butt?

Representative - A person who represents someone else. This one’s a little weird, cuz it’s like, why can’t you just do the thing yourself? Why do you need someone to represent you? Well a lot of times, a representative represents, like, 80,000 people cuz it’s just easier that way. So if you’re fighting for a law to be passed, it’s a lot easier to just have that one representative there than to have all 80,000 people show up and scream, “We think horse gambling should be legal in Akron!”

Reptile - An animal with scales, like a snake or a lizard. I’m sure there’s more to it, but if you see an animal with scales, there’s like a 96% chance you’re looking at a reptile. Wait. Fish have scales, but they aren’t reptiles. They’re just fish, I think? Also, I always thought dinosaurs were reptiles, but now some people say they were more like birds? With feathers? I don’t know. All I know is my high school friend Hayden had a pet iguana and it was super chill. Last time I heard, Hayden was doing construction stuff for his dad.

Republic - Ah fuck. Yeah, this is an important word you should know. It means, like, freedom and liberty and all that kinda shit. I wanna say it’s a kind of government (?) that nation-states (??) have when they believe in democracy (?). Fuck, I should know this better than I do. Shit.

Residence - Where you live.

Resist - This is when you don’t want something, so you’re like, “No, I don’t want this.” The number one example of this is “resisting arrest.” It’s when the cops are trying to arrest you, but you fight back because you don’t want to be arrested. I saw a guy resisting arrest outside of a Fazoli’s once. He had jumped the counter and stolen a bunch of breadsticks, so they called the cops. I think he was methed out, cuz when the cops got there, he was just eating the breadsticks in the middle of the parking lot. He sucker punched one of them, and it made the local news. 

Respirator - I think it’s a machine or mask that you wear over your mouth to keep you from breathing in dust or harmful chemicals. So if you’re not a fan of dust or harmful chemicals, you might wanna look into buying one of those.

Responsible - When you gotta have your shit together about something. For instance, if you’re a responsible driver, you check the rear view and side view mirrors periodically while driving. But if you’re not a responsible driver, then you might be playing that game where you have to wear a blindfold while your buddy holds the wheel from the passenger seat and can only shout “Faster,” “Slower,” or “Stop!” It’s not a responsible game, but it’s suuuuper fun. I think it’s called “Drive or Alive.” Something like that.

Resuscitate - When you fucking BRING SOMEONE BACK TO LIFE! Yes, you can do that. There are two types of resuscitate that I know of. The one where you give someone CPR, and the one where you rub those two metal hand things together, yell “CLEAR!!” and then shock the person’s chest with those things, and they sort of bounce and hopefully come back to life. It’s super cool. Way cooler than fucking boring-ass CPR.

Retrieve - When you go and get something but you’re usually the one who put it there in the first place. Like if you threw a Frisbee into the Grand Canyon, you would have to go to the bottom of the Grand Canyon to “retrieve” it. And if you died while you were trying to get the Frisbee - maybe a mountain lion bites you and you bleed out or you fall off a high rock and hit your head - then your friends and family would have to “retrieve” your corpse. 

Retriever - (1) A person who retrieves something (see the definition above if you don’t know what retrieve means). (2) A Golden Retriever is a type of dog. It’s the default dog that everyone loves. It’s like, normal and blonde, if that makes sense? Air Bud was a Golden Retriever. I don’t know why they’re called “retrievers.” Maybe it’s because they used to be known for retrieving stuff, like birds or something? My Uncle Remus used to make a joke where he’d say if a Golden Retriever was bred with a Shih Tzu, its baby would be called a “Shit Retriever.” I thought it was funny but my mom would get so pissed at him for saying it around me.

Reverend - This is the guy in charge (?) of a church. I wanna say he wears all black? He like, gives sermons and tells people how to be good Christians. You’re supposed to respect reverends, but I don’t get it. What are your credentials? I don’t think you can major in Reverend-ing. You just kinda decide one day you’re important enough to tell people what’s right and wrong, and they all just kinda fall for it. Man, religion is trash.

Revert - To go back to the way something was, presumably because it was better that way. For example, let’s say you usually eat grapes with your fingers. But one day you’re like, “This is boring. I’m gonna start sucking grapes through a straw instead.” So you try to suck grapes through a straw for a while, but it doesn’t work because that’s impossible, so you eventually “revert” to eating grapes with your fingers. Wow, I nailed that example.

Revolutionize - To majorly change something. Like, you could say that The Beatles revolutionized music. Man, imagine being one of the alive Beatles and waking up every morning and being like, “I revolutionized music.” You wouldn’t have to worry about doing anything else productive for the rest of your life. You could spend every day in bed eating pizza, farting and jerking off into your own cash. Meanwhile, my greatest accomplishment was winning a $25 gift certificate to J.C. Penney at a Calgary Flames game in my sophomore year of college.

Rheostat - I don’t know what this word is. Probably a science-y thing.

Rhinoceros - This is a four-legged animal from Africa that has a horn coming out of its face. It’s very strong and gray and I think it charges when it’s angry. It’s kinda like a hippo, but more jacked. Oh wait, I have an analogy: rhinos are to hippos as sharks are to dolphins. Right? Because sharks are kinda like tougher versions of dolphins and rhinos are kinda like tougher versions of hippos. Anyway, I think rhinos are endangered.

Rhythm - This one’s hard to explain. You hear it in music a lot. It’s like when music’s like… like when there’s a beat and it’s… like when music has good rhythm, it’s… you know what? Fuck this. I’m gonna go eat a Steak & Cheddar Hot Pocket.

Rich - When you have so much money it’s stupid. You can buy pretty much anything you want, which is insane. You could pay someone to make a marble statue of yourself, and the mouth of the statue shoots liquid gold into an Olympic-sized pool. Then you could swim in that liquid gold while ten beautiful naked men get paid a thousand dollars a minute to give you very specific and true compliments about yourself. It’s fucked up. That’s why money’s the best and it fucking sucks. You could hire a bodyguard, and hire a different guy to beat the shit out of you, so all day long there are two guys fighting right in front of you.

Rife - When something has a lot of something. It’s “rife” with that thing. Like, it’s full of it. Let me try it in a sentence: “My pillow is rife with dry drool stains because I haven’t changed my pillow case in six months because I keep forgetting and I’m lazy as shit.”

Righteous - It’s like, when you’re doing the right thing basically. It’s also one of the main ways that 90s surfer dudes describe kickass waves. RIGHTEOUS! Bodacious is also another way to describe an awesome wave. Oh, so maybe I can put “see Bodacious” in italics or something. Let’s go for it.
(See “Bodacious”)

Ripe - When fruit is ready to be eaten. It’s, like, plump and ripe. Like it’s juicy and plump. Sometimes there’s a couple drops of water on it to make it seem extra juicy and ripe. Fuck. I want some ripe fruit. I’m gonna define Peach now.

Riverboat - It’s a boat on a fucking river.

Roadie - A person who tours with a band, setting up mics and amps and shit. They usually wear black t-shirts and pants, and they have bandanas and kind of look like crap but can still lift stuff. My cousin Barn was a roadie for Blues Traveler when they were at the height of their fame. He said that after John Popper would drop a deuce on the tour bus, he’d sometimes complain that they were “out of poo poo rags.” I guess he called toilet paper “poo poo rags.” And no one questioned it, probably cuz he was John Popper.

Roam - When you aimlessly walk around someplace. You don’t really have a destination in mind, so you just kinda roam around. There’s that old song “Home on the Range” that says “where the buffalo roam,” and that means the buffalo are kinda wandering around a field, I guess? There’s also that thing on phones where you have to pay extra money for “roaming,” which is when you, like, travel overseas? You’ve “roamed” too far from your original spot. I guess it’s harder for the phone waves (?) to travel that far away, so you have to cough up some extra money. But let’s be real, it’s totally a scam. Everything is a scam.

Rodeo - That sport - is it a sport? - where cowboys ride around on bulls and try to hang on for as long as they can without being thrown off. I think they tie a rope around the bull’s nuts. I just looked up a “rodeo fails” video on YouTube, and it looks like exactly the same thing as just “rodeo.”

Romaine - A type of lettuce. I can’t remember if this is the weird, pointy kind or the normal kind that comes in every salad. I think it’s the normal kind. Or maybe that’s iceberg. Damn, I should rewatch “Titanic.” Anyway, who’s in charge of naming lettuces? “Romaine,” “iceberg,” “arugula.” They’re all so fucking weird. They should be called, like, “Pointy,” “regular” and “also pretty regular.”

Rooster - I think it’s a male chicken? Or a male hen? It’s one of those. It’s the one with the little red rubber mohawk thing. Their big talent is being an animal version of an alarm clock. But here’s my big question: who’s waking the rooster up? Do roosters have an alarm clock? Or would it be called an “alarm cluck”? Hey, that’s pretty funny. They should make that into one of those popsicle stick jokes. Like, “How does a rooster wake up?” And then you eat the popsicle and it’s like, “With an alarm cluck.” Damn. I just told that joke to one of the guards outside this room and he didn’t find it funny.
 

Rosary - This is a string of beads that Catholics hold when they pray. It has a little cross on it and I think it brings them luck? Or protects them from evil spirits? Cuz if I’m a giant demon trying to drag you to hell, you know what would keep me back? About thirty beads. 

Rose - A red flower that’s basically like, “The Best Flower.” You give it to people when you love them or when you want to have sex with them.

Rotisserie - This is a cooking thing that spins. You stick a chicken on it, and the chicken keeps cooking and spinning. You see them at a lot of fairs and gas stations. It’s kind of fun to watch. I feel like it’s almost exclusively for chickens, but I guess you could technically throw anything on it. Why not? It’d be kinda fun to watch a bunch of Pop-Tarts spinning around. Anyway, I made a graph to help you out.


Roughage - Fuck. I know it’s a food thing. I think it’s maybe like a measure of how… rough... food is? If that makes sense?

Round-Shouldered - Uhhhh… when someone’s shoulders are round? Or when they’re not, like, round, but, like, roundED?

Is R2D2 round-shouldered? His shoulders are round, so… right?

Rowel - I’ve never seen this word before. “Rowel”? Is it pronounced like “towel”? Holy shit, I just Googled it and it’s that little spiky thing on the end of a cowboy’s boot. I thought that was a spur, but apparently it’s only part of a spur? Weird. This is like when I learned the hard thing at the end of a shoelace is called an “aglet.” I don’t know my friend’s birthdays or my social security number but I’ve never forgotten that that thing’s called an “aglet.” Guess I can add “rowel” to the list of useless shit I know. Nice.

Ruble - I know it’s a type of money. I’m gonna guess it’s a gold coin that gypsies at the Persian market take out of an ancient velvet coin purse with one of those little ropes tied around it. Then they buy, like, rubies with it?

Rumen - I don’t know. Kinda looks like “ramen,” which is a dirt cheap noodle that college kids eat to survive.

Rummy - This is a card game that someone has to re-teach you every seven years. You quickly re-learn the rules at a party, have a little fun playing it that night, and then immediately forget everything about it for another seven years.

Run - I really, really, really, really, really don’t feel like defining “run” right now. It means so many fucking things. You can “run” for mayor, you can “run” in a race, you can get a “run” in your pantyhose, you can ruin a bris after getting the “runs,” and you can “run” the faucet and you can “run” the risk and it goes on like that forever, in a million different ways. Unless you’re a three-year-old child opening a dictionary for the first time, and you just so happen to land on “run,” and it’s the exact moment your little toddler brain can finally understand the meaning behind words, there’s no fucking reason for you to care about the definition of “run.” It’s run. You know run. It’s a word that we all use constantly and it kinda means, like, “go.” Or “move quickly.” IT’S FUCKING RUN, OK? 


Rung - The part of a ladder that you step on to go up. It’s what makes a ladder a ladder, and not just, like, two super long skinny pieces of wood.

Runway - 1) The strip of concrete (?) that planes take off from and land on. 2) The strip of floor (?) that models walk on during fashion shows. If I was a model and I fell, I’d probably be super embarrassed. Though I’d also be embarrassed just cuz my job would be to walk over there and then walk back here.

Rust - When something metallic starts to turn orange basically? A lot of times it happens cuz it’s old. Or it can happen cuz you left your metal out in the rain. My dad used to say, “Don’t leave your bike out in the rain or it’ll get rusty.” Then one night he left his bike out in the rain, cuz he was drunk. He’d sometimes bike while drunk, and once even got a BUI cuz he biked into a car that was stopped at a red light. And you know how a lot of bikes have a water bottle holder? Apparently he had a can of PBR in his. So he got a $15 ticket and couldn’t bike for 4 weeks.

S

Saber - I think this is another word for sword. Saber-tooth tigers have big sword-looking teeth, and lightsabers are basically just light swords. Saber means sword. Final answer.

Sack - 1) A big bag that you use to carry stuff. Usually a sack looks pretty boring and carries pretty boring stuff. Like you’ll never see a jewel-studded sack with glitter and shit. It’ll usually be unlabeled burlap with a fuckload of rice or grain. Sacks kinda suck. #SacksSuck 2) In football, when a guy in defense tackles the quarterback before he throws the ball. Always seems really embarrassing for the QB. Like, dude, your one job was to throw the ball. And 3) Some people say “let’s hit the sack” and “let’s get lucky in the sack” to refer to going to sleep in bed and having sex in bed, respectively.

A sack. What about this doesn’t suck? (ANSWER: Nothing)

Salacious - When your dick gets hard or your pussy gets wet from like a sexy detail or something. Remember that scene from the movie Wild Things where Denise Richards and Neve Campbell are making out in the pool? That’s salacious as hell. I’m a little embarrassed to write this, but since I know no one will ever read it, I can tell you that when I was in high school, my friend Cory Poole and I would sometimes be at his house and we’d pop in the VHS, fast forward to that scene, feel salacious as fuck, and then I’d leave his house with a boner, go home and take care of it.

Salami - A tube of meat. It’s like a hotdog but thicker and redder. I knew a guy in high school whose nickname was “Salami.” You’d think that’s because he had a big dong or something, but it’s actually because he smelled like meat. 

Saliva - Fancy word for spit. Your mouth gets full of it when you think about a food you really like. I salivate whenever I think about Tabasco. I don’t know why. I don’t salivate when I think about, like, baked beans or zucchini bread, but if the thought of Tabasco even grazes my brain, my mouth becomes Spit Central. Honestly it’s pretty weird that we salivate. It feels like an old-timey evolutionary thing we just haven’t gotten rid of yet. It makes me feel like a dog. I’m like, “Yum, hot sauce,” then my mouth is like, “Here, I made some extra spit for you without your permission because that helps with breaking the food down, I guess?” (??) We’re just apes with clothes on.

Saloon - An old-timey bar where the doors swing both ways and there’s a player piano in the corner and a bunch of cowboys are taking shots of whiskey and doing that stabby-fingers thing with a knife. But then you walk through the doors and everyone stares at you because you’re new to town. Then one guy is like, “There ain’t enough room for the both of us,” and everyone starts fighting and breaking glass and they all probably smell like shit because it’s 1842.

Salsa - A popular dip(?) at Mexican restaurants. It’s made of tomatoes and onions and cilantro(?). Sometimes it’s mild and other times it’s spicy, and you eat it with tortilla chips before your meal comes out. It’s the best. I love salsa so much. God, I’m so hungry right now. All I’ve had to eat today is two hard-boiled eggs and a York peppermint patty. Man, I really gotta start eating better. I always feel like shit cuz I eat like shit but my stupid brain can never find the motivation to stop eating like shit despite knowing it makes me feel like shit. It’s pathetic. I’m pathetic. Oh, salsa is also a dance.

Saltwater - Water with salt in it. The oceans are made of it. I think that’s just about everything there is to say about saltwater. 

Samovar - I don’t know what this is. I just Googled it and I still don’t really understand what it is. Sorry.

Sampler - This is an appetizer at restaurants where you can try a bunch of menu items at once. The options are usually like potato skins, mozzarella sticks, chicken strips and onion rings. Samplers don’t have healthy options. They only have fried stuff that increases your chance of having a heart attack by like 4000 percent.

Samurai - A strong Japanese man who’s great with swords. I wanna say they were a thing thousands of years ago but aren’t a thing anymore? There was a movie called “The Last Samurai” where Tom Cruise played a samurai and everyone was like… wait, what?

Sartorial - No clue. Pass.

Sauna - A hot wooden room that fills with steam. People sit in the room naked or with towels on because the hotness helps their skin (?). Something about it is good for you. I think you sweat out toxins? One time I sat in a lavender sauna and it straight up smelled like farts. 

Scale - The thing you step on that tells you you weigh 214.

Schism - I know it’s a concept or a medical problem, but it sounds like how Snoop Dogg would say the word “school.” “Kids, wake up! Breakfast is ready and you gotta get ready for schism!” (Note to self for later - TV show idea starring Snoop Dogg called “Snoop Dad” about Snoop playing a dad. He’s Snoop Dogg but also he likes to “snoop around” in his kids’ lives)

Scholarship - When you get to go to college for free cuz you’re super smart or amazing at lacrosse. I never got one of these for my time at Hofstra, or when I transfered to Weber State, but you should try to get a scholarship, cuz it’ll save you, like a million and a half dollars.

Scone - Whoa, I just realized I don’t actually know what a scone is. I know a few things about it. Like 1. I know it’s dry as fuck. I feel like it’s made out of dry, if that’s possible. 2. I know it’s British. Or I think it’s British. It sort of seems British because of how dry it is. 3. And I know that it’s eaten for breakfast or dessert, which is also weird. Man, what a weird food. The main thing I don’t know about scones is why anyone would ever eat one.

Scotch - Something from Scotland, a type of whiskey, and a clear tape. Bing, bang, boom. Nailed this one. 

Scot-Free - I think it means to be innocent. Like, getting off scot-free. But then if you’re guilty, are you getting on scot-ful? I should look this up in a dictionary.

Scrod - So I just googled it and apparently it’s a fish (?), but if you ask me, it sounds more like a filthy ass crack or something. “I need a shower, Paul, I got a chafing scrod.”

Scrotum - The skin bag that holds your balls.

Scrupulous - Fuuuuuuuuck. Of or having scruples?

Scurvy - Hmm. I think it’s a disease that pirates and sailors got a lot a few hundred years ago. I’m not sure what it is, but I get the sense that it’s pretty bad. Like, your foot falls off or your eyeballs rot. One of those ones. I truly have no idea how anyone lived past 6 back then.

Sea scallop - This feels redundant. Aren’t all scallops from the sea? They’re like, clam meat, right? This would be like saying, “land chicken.” If you say “chicken,” I’m gonna assume it’s from the land. You don’t need to clarify. Last time I checked, chickens don’t swim in the ocean and scallops don’t take hikes.

Secondhand - 1) When you’re using something that was already used by someone. Usually it’s clothes. I don’t buy anything secondhand, though, cuz I can’t walk into a secondhand store without having a full-on allergy attack. It sucks, but on the other hand I don’t have to worry about wearing smelly-ass clothes. 2) When you hear something secondhand. So if Casey tells Paul that all dogs are now great dancers, and then Paul tells you the same thing about dogs being great dancers, you’re hearing that secondhand through Paul. Sorry, the dogs dancing thing was an awful example. Oh wait. 3) Secondhand also refers to the type of smoke you inhale when someone else is smoking a cigarette. It’s much less of a problem than it used to be, now that smoking is illegal pretty much everywhere, whereas before it was basically required that you smoke wherever you are. Remember when restaurants used to have smoking and non-smoking sections? I can’t believe that was real. Waiters/tresses must have had a life expectancy of like 26.

Secondhand smoke - Oh shit, this gets its own definition? Ugh, fine. It refers to the type of smoke you inhale when someone else is smoking a cigarette. It’s much less of a problem than it used to be, now that smoking is illegal pretty much everywhere, whereas before it was basically required that you smoke wherever you are. Remember when restaurants used to have smoking and non-smoking sections? I can’t believe that was real. Waiters/tresses must have had a life expectancy of like 26.

Secretariat - Huh. I’m pretty sure it’s just that movie that they made about that horse. You know, the one named Secretariat. I never saw it. Life’s too short to watch movies about horses.

Sedative - A drug that makes you fall asleep. Ambien’s a good example. This guy named Brian Ling (not Asian, weirdly) who lived on my dorm floor sophomore year used to snort Ambien before writing his college papers. He said that because he knew he was gonna pass out soon, that made him REALLY focus in the 15 awake minutes he had. He said his papers were pretty short, but VERY insightful, and that he got A’s every time he did that. But once when he went to the bathroom I found a paper that he wrote on the Civil War. He got an F on it, and all he wrote was, “The Civil War was made many thousand hundred people put guns Vaginia put gun slave.” I guess my bigger question there is WHY DID HE TURN THAT IN?

Segue - When you transition from one thing to another. Hopefully you can do it smoothly. Like if your friends are talking about football, and one of them says, “I can’t wait to watch the Lions game this Sunday,” a bad segue would be if you then said, “Yeah, speaking of Sunday, this Thursday I’m getting my scalp cysts drained.”

Self-Fulfilling - When something happens and you kind of knew it was going to happen. It only ever comes before the word “prophecy.” An example is if you’re positive you’re gonna get sick over Thanksgiving and then you do get sick over Thanksgiving. But then they find out that you secretly slept outside in the cold for a week just so that you could be like, “See? Self-fulfilling prophecy? I’m the king.” That’s not a common example, but who says examples need to be common?

Selvage - Selvage? I don’t even know how to SAY this word.

Senescence - No clue what this means, but it reminds me of that band Evanescence. They had a couple hits in the early 2000’s and their lead singer was an emo girl with black hair and pale skin. They were basically Tim Burton: The Band.

Senile - When your grandparents start to get really old and loopy. Their brains are deteriorating and their memories are shaky and they start saying fucked up shit and they just kinda get away with it because everyone knows they’ll be dead in like five years, tops.

Senior citizen - I mean, sure. It’s an old person. Over 65. Wrinkly. Frail. Mean sometimes. I used to work at a movie theater and we had a “senior citizen” discount. I was always too afraid to ask if someone wanted the senior citizen discount, cuz if they were only in their 50’s, they’d be super offended. But then sometimes old people would get mad at me for not automatically giving them the discount. It was a lose-lose situation. I ended up getting fired from that job when my manager caught me eating leftover Sour Patch Kids people left in the cupholders.

Sensitive - When something or someone is touchy. Like, a bruise is sensitive cuz it hurts if you touch it. A person is sensitive if it’s easy to make them cry. If you’re like, “Yo Phillip, you’ve got a weird fuckin’ mustache” and Phillip tears up, he’s sensitive about his mustache. But sometimes it’s good to be sensitive because it means you’re in touch with other people’s feelings. If you’re like “My mom has a tumor,” and Phillip is like “I’m so sorry to hear that. How are you doing? Is there anything I can do? I’m sure she’s okay and I’m here for you no matter what,” Phillip is being sensitive to your situation and he’s a good guy.

Sentient - When something is capable of thinking and feeling complex things. I’m pretty sure humans are the most sentient beings, but you always hear about elephants and pigs and octopusses doing smart stuff, too. Wait, what’s the plural of octopus? Octopusae? Octopussies? No, that can’t be right. That’s way too funny to be right. 

Sentry - I’m pretty sure this is someone in the military who guards something. Like, they stand outside the tents and if a stranger walks up, they’re like, “Who goes there?” 

Sepulchre - Hmmm... a giant sword? Look, I don’t know what this is.

Sequoia - A giant fucking tree.

Sesame - This is a seed that sometimes is on hamburger buns and bagels. Also whenever an old-timey wizard wants to unlock a magical door, he’ll say “Open sesame!” I don’t know why. 

Seventeen - Ugh fuck this. One more than 16, one less than 18. I dunno… let’s say… six less than 23? Nine more than 8? Do you get the fucking picture now? 17, asshole.
(ALT: The age you have to be to see an NC movie.)

Sewage - Poop and piss.

Sexagenarian - This sounds like someone who’s great at sex or something scandalous like that, but it really just means someone who’s in their sixties. I mean, someone in their sixties can also be great at sex. I bet, like, Harrison Ford is good at sex. Wait, he’s probably in his 70s by now. Oh wow, yeah, just Googled it. He’s way older than I thought. 

Shadow - That thing where you’re outside and the sun shines on you and you look down at the ground and see a black person. Well, wait - not an African-American. It’s a black figure, and it’s creepy. Wait, that still sounded wrong. It’s basically you, it’s just black. You know what? Fuck this. You know what the fuck a shadow is.

Shag - This is a funny British way to say “have sex.” I learned that from “Austin Powers.” Oh, it’s also (2) a type of carpet. I know that because my grandparents had a red shag carpet in their basement. It was disgusting. It would get matted in random spots, and it was loaded with loose crumbs and coins. Me and my cousins used to call their basement “the fuck dungeon” because if someone has shag carpet, you KNOW they’re nasty.

Shall - An old-timey way to say “will.” Like “I shall go to the park” or “I shall evade my taxes for the sixth year in a row and hope the IRS doesn’t notice.” No one actually uses shall anymore, but it was a hot commodity in old poems. It’s in the same camp as words like “thou” and “doth.” Very Shakespeare-y. It was constantly like, “Roses are red/ violets are blue/ methinks I’ll say “shall”/ so thou doth I shall.” I don’t mean to exaggerate or hurt anyone’s feelings, but I’ve never read a good poem.

Sharecropper - ...A guy who shares his crops? Or wait, maybe that’s “cropsharer.” Lemme go see if cropsharer is a word. Fuck, it’s not. Uhh maybe ignore this one.

Shave - When you use a razor to scrape hair off your face, or legs if you’re a woman. You know those commercials where a sexy man with stubble looks in the mirror seductively and takes a Gillette razor and scrapes the stubble off his face? The scraping is him shaving. That’s what shaving is. Alright, I guess I’m gonna go define “shawl.”

Shawl - It’s like a combination of a scarf and a blanket, and you toss it over your shoulders and chest, sort of. I will go on record and say that all shawls are pointless. I hope I didn’t offend any cultures by saying that. Then again, I think there’s about a negative 100% chance that anyone is reading this definition.

Shire - Oh shit, I actually know this one! It’s where hobbits live.

Shock - When electricity, like, connects? with your body, causing you to, like, buzz? Like you know when plaid jacket-wearing uncles in 1959 would shake your hand, but they’d have that dumbass buzzer thing on the inside of their hand? That buzz is a shock and it sucks. The other thing that a shock is, is… okay, let’s see if I can describe it. It’s a look on your face where your eyes are completely wide open, and your mouth is completely wide open and your forehead lines are showing. It looks like someone kicked you in the nuts. (Or the pussy.) I’ll just show you a photo of it, but it usually comes after something insane happens, like you find out that Robert De Niro’s been a woman this whole time, or your dog very quickly says, “What’s up.”

This dude is shocked. Or maybe someone just kicked him in the nuts. See? Hard to tell which one, right?


Shortcake - It’s that layered cake thing with frosting (?) and pretty much always strawberries. I’m not sure what makes it short. It kind of seems like it’s on the taller side, as far as cakes go.

See? It’s not that short, right? It’s at least a mediumcake.

Shoulder - Look left. Now look down. That’s your shoulder. Now look right. And look down. That’s your other shoulder.

Shrug off - When you just kinda let something go. Instead of getting upset and throwing a fit, you just shrug and go, “Eh, whatever.” For example, if Bill Gates lost a million dollars, he’d probably shrug it off cuz he has plenty of money. Meanwhile if I lost like 500 bucks, I would seriously consider selling my organs on the black market.

Shuffleboard - This is a sport played by old people on cruises, I think. The ground looks like hopscotch but pointier (?), and they use sticks to slide little discs onto the numbers. Was this helpful?

Shunt - I’ve never seen this word in my life but it’s kind of funny. “Shunt.” Sounds offensive. If you looked at someone and said, “You’re a shunt,” I can’t imagine they’d take it well. Is it the past tense of “shut”? Like, “The burglars tried to break in but all the doors and windows had been shunt”? No, that can’t be it. Is it like “shant”? I think that means “shall not.” So maybe “shunt” means “should not”? Let’s go with that. “Shunt” means “should not,” you shunt.

Sidewalk - The pathway right next to the actual road where people can safely walk. I always get in that awkward situation where I’m walking with someone but then someone’s walking in the opposite direction so I have to, like, walk behind the person I’m with for a second so the other person can pass. I hate that.

Siesta - This is a nap that Europeans get to take for some reason. Seems incredible. They leave work in the middle of the day and just take a nap. How in the hell?

Silencer - This is a device you put on a gun to make it silent when you shoot. I’m pretty sure only TV hitmen and secret agents use silencers because there’s no reason someone in real life would need one. If I’m ever in a situation where I need to shoot a fucking gun, which I fucking won’t be, the last thing I’m gonna be worried about is if I’m being too loud. “Oh sorry neighbors, I had to protect my family from a murderous intruder. I’ll buy a silencer so I don’t wake you up next time.” (???)

Silk - This is like normal clothes but shinier, if that makes sense? We take silk from a worm’s butt and turn it into shiny pajamas. That sounds fake, but it’s 100% true. Silk is also a brand of soy milk (Soy + Milk = Silk), but that’s not why it’s in the dictionary. I probably didn’t need to mention that. Forget the soy milk thing and just focus on the shiny butt pajamas stuff.

Sill - I only know this in the context of a “window sill,” and I only know “window sill” in the context of someone stealing a fresh pie off of one, which is something that only happens in old-timey cartoons and fairy tales. Otherwise, “sill” doesn’t really come up. No one on House Hunters is like, “I really liked the house overall, but the sills weren’t really doing it for me.”

Silverfish - Okay, I just Googled this to look up the definition, and it turns out it’s a fucking bug! Can you believe that shit? A silverfish? Someone really fucked up in the naming department. That’d be like if you had a fish and you called it a “silverbug.” Or if you had a dog and called it a “silverbug.” Or if you had a cat and called it a “silverbug.” Or if -- actually I think you probably get the point.

Simonize - This can’t be right, but all signs point to it, so fuck it: to turn someone into Simon.

Simple interest - I’m assuming this is a money thing. I don’t understand money stuff. It stresses me out. Like six separate people have tried to explain “equity” to me, and I still have no fucking clue what it is.

Simpleton - This is a fancier way to say “idiot,” but it also kinda sounds like the name of a cute little town where everything is nice and easy. “Hi, welcome to Simpleton! We have one traffic light and our mayor is also the high school football coach. We sure hope you’ll join us for our annual Apple Butter Festival. It’s the first weekend in September.”

Sine qua non - This is one of those fancy Latin phrases that only lawyers need to know, like “quid pro quo” or “habeas corpus.” If you’re a lawyer, and you desperately need to know what any of these phrases mean, try a different dictionary cuz I have no clue. I’ve only been to court twice, and both times were becuz I accidentally parked in a handicapped spot. Once outside of a White Castle, once outside of a Honeybaked Ham and Cafe.

Sinecure - I saw this word in a book recently and I had no clue what it meant. Even with context clues, I was like “The fuck is that?” I never looked it up cuz it didn’t really matter.

Sinew - So I know the word “sinewy” means something that’s muscle-y and stringy. So I guess a “sinew” is one muscle-y string thing? So if something has a lot of “sinews,” it’s “sinewy” -- like if something has a lot of “strings,” it’s “stringy.” I think that checks out.

Sinewy - Something that’s muscle-y and stringy, like I said.

Sinister - When it feels like something evil is gonna happen. Like the sky is red and a bunch of birds die at once and a little girl holding an axe appears out of nowhere like, “Wanna play a game?” I feel like Christoph Waltz gives off sinister vibes cuz whenever he’s in a movie, I’m like, “I don’t fucking trust this guy.”
Christoph Waltz is a sinister man

Sinus - Sinuses are the things in your nose(?) that get blocked up cuz of allergies and give you a headache. I’m not entirely sure why that happens. I wanna say they’re just small holes around your nose and forehead that get clogged up with snot? Is that right? 

Siphon - When you steal gas from someone’s car by sucking on a tube. You can probably siphon other liquids but I’ve only ever heard of the gas sucking version. 

Sippy cup - A cup that has a little protective lid so kids can sip from it without spilling their drink. My buddy Keegan Wegner had a little brother named Kyler and their parents would give him a sippy cup full of Coke every day. He was like four. It was insane. I wanted to walk up to his parents like, “Are you sure you should be doing this?” but I was a kid and I couldn’t tell two grown adults that they were terrible fucking parents. I haven’t seen Keegan or Kyler in years, but I think Keegan came out as gay and Kyler does e-sports.

Sit - It’s, like, halfway between standing up and lying down. It’s when you’re in a chair, and your feet are on the ground, and like, okay... So, like, your legs go up to your knees, then your legs take a 90-degree turn and go in towards your crotch, then at your crotch/ass your body takes a 90-degree turn upwards and it keeps going all the way to your head. Honestly, fuck you for even making me define this word.

Six - The sixth number, right between five and seven. An example of six is if you have exactly six apples.

Sixty - Oh, come on. We’ve been through this. I really have to define every number? Sixty is sixty. It’s the amount that sixty is. You should know numbers without reading about them in a dictionary. There should be a separate book for numbers. Wait, no. What would that even look like? It’d just be a long list of numbers? When would it stop? Never? Fuck. Everyone should just learn numbers in school so they don’t have to be in books. Sorry, I’ll get off my soapbox. I’m just grumpy because I wasted 400 bucks on scratch-off tickets this morning.

Skill - Something you’re good at, but I feel like it usually refers to weaving and macrame and shit like that.

Skunk - That small black and white rodent that’s famous for scaring away other animals by letting out a nasty stink spray from its ass. It’s so funny to me that this is a real thing that exists. One animal in the entire animal kingdom figured out that in order to get people away from you, all you gotta do is smell bad. That’d be like if there was a species of animal that loudly sang the entire score of “Hamilton.”

Skyward - When you go toward the sky, I guess? A plane goes skyward. A bird goes skyward. Not much else goes skyward. Bugs? A bat? I don’t care.

Slab - A dumber word for “slice,” but it’s only used for a couple things. The two “slabs” that come to mind are (1) a slab of meat, and (2) a slab of granite. And that’s it, really. No one’s rolling up like, “Hey, can I get two slabs of cheese pizza” or “I’d kill for a slab of birthday cake.” 

Slaughterhouse - Like a barn or warehouse type building where cows and pigs are killed so they can be turned into food. Don’t Google image search it. Fuck. I just Google image searched it. Seriously, don’t do it. Fuck. I just did it again. Fuck. I can’t stop looking at this stuff. What the fuck’s wrong with me?

Slavic - I’m pretty sure it’s a person who’s from one of those European countries that has “slav” or “slavia” in it. So like Yugoslavia, Slovakia, Croatia. Croatia doesn’t have “slav” in it, but it feels like a slav cousin or something. But yeah, remember Vlade Divac? The basketball player? He seems super-Slavic. Like I feel like if you rearranged the letters in his name, you’d get “Slavic lad.’

Vlade Divac driving to the basket.

Slenderize - Jesus, now they’re just making shit up. “Slenderize”? I don’t fucking know. To make something slender? Like “tenderize” but for getting skinny? What does that even mean? No one is going on a diet like, “I’m hoping to slenderize myself.” Give me a break. Dictionaries could be like one page max, no joke. All we really need is “yes” and “no” and maybe “food.”

Sluice - Ah, yes. “Sluice.” One of my favorite words. Do you know what it means? I know what it means, I just wanted to see if you know what it means.

Slum - A shitty place to live. There’s way too many people and they all live in tiny huts covered in sheet metal. There are feral cats running around and a woman’s voice saying, “For just 99 cents a month, you can feed a child for life.”

Slumber - Sleep. But it’s, like, especially calm sleep. Like, a precious child having sweet dreams and clutching a teddy bear is “slumbering.” But an obese mechanic named Dirk having a violent wet dream - not so much.

Slumlord - A really shitty landlord. So… any landlord. Fuck you, Gregg.

Smart Aleck - A G-rated way to say “smart ass.” My mom used to call me a smart aleck when I’d mouth off to her. I should really call my mom more often. I’m a bad son.

Smother - It’s when you like, hold someone down with something and cover them with it, or like, hug them real tight so they can’t breathe, or like, douse a Italian sausage in mustard. The classic example is smothering someone’s face with a pillow. My dad used to smother his own face with a pillow when he’d get pissed so we wouldn’t hear him screaming, but instead we’d just hear his muffled scream, which kind of sounded scarier?

Socialize - The ability to hang out with your friends without being a total weirdo. Like if your one friend is like, “Have you heard the new Beck album?” And then your other friend is like, “Oh yeah, it’s pretty good.” And then your other friend is like, “I gotta check it out.” And then your other friend is like, “Yeah, people are saying it’s his best album in over a decade.” And then your other friend is like, “Whoa, that’s cool.” If you’re bad at socializing, you would then say, “I LIKE TO THROW BUTTER AT TODDLERS!!”

Softball - This is baseball for girls. Wait, is that sexist? Sorry. I guess men can also play softball, but I’ve only ever known girls - or women (sorry) - to play. It’s like baseball but the ball is bigger and yellow and softer(?) and they pitch it underhand. The softball team at my high school was really good. They won tournaments and stuff and I’m not exaggerating when I say EVERY girl on that team could beat the shit out of me. There was this one girl named Macy Spader and she was like 6 foot 2. I Facebook stalked her recently and she has like four sons with an enormous military guy. All of her statuses are like, “Henry and the boys are a handful, but they’re my handful <3” which I think is code for “I am fucking exhausted.”

Soiree - A fancy word for “party.” Usually at someone’s house. At a normal house party, there are like 100 people drinking, playing games and someone is hooking up. At a soiree, there are maybe seven people nibbling off-brand Triscuits, playing “Whom has the largest yacht?” and leaving at a reasonable hour.

Solace - Okay, full disclosure: I mostly only know this word cuz that one James Bond movie was called “Quantum of Solace.” I remember being like, “What the fuck is a quantum?” and then being like “Also, what the fuck is solace?” I think solace is when something makes you feel comfortable? When you “take solace” in something, it means you take away good feelings because of it. For example, I “take solace” in knowing I only have like 7 or 8 letters left in this fucking dictionary, and one of them is “X,” which has like 10 words, tops.

Sole - The bottom part of your shoe that slips into your shoe that’s on the inside of the shoe. Also it means alone for some reason?

Solecism - I don’t know what this means. Maybe it’s a philosophy started by a guy named Solec. Probably not, though.

Sombrero - Oh, this is classic. It’s that big, round hat that Mexicans(?) wear. I wanna say it’s made of wicker(?) and sometimes has fun colors on the brim(?). I used to live near a Mexican restaurant called Los Mariachis, and if it was your birthday, they’d give you free flan, throw a sombrero on your head and take your picture. So the front wall of the restaurant was covered in pictures of white people wearing sombreros and smiling about their free flan.

Somebody - A person. Any person is somebody. Jeff Bridges is somebody. So is my dentist. So is this dude Ethan Rucker who I went to high school with. I guess somebody is sort of the great equalizer. Beyonce and my shithead cousin Barn are both somebody.

Sonar - This is how various aquatic animals (and bats?) talk to each other. They send out cool underwater waves(?) that other animals can understand. Humans also use sonar to find junk in the ocean, like old ships and shit. I wanna say sonar is an acronym for something? Maybe like, Super Ocular Naval Auditory Radar? Not that, but you get it. 

Sorbet - An ice cream or ice cream-like dessert that I’ve never once been in the mood for.

Soup - Hot liquid food. You eat it when you’re sick. You have to like slurp it cuz it’s so hot.

Souvenir - It’s what you buy when you’re on vacation to prove that you went on vacation. Most of the time it’s something small and useless like a keychain or a mug with your name on it. Midtown Manhattan is like 75% souvenir shops filled with plastic Statue of Liberties and snow globes. As far as I can tell, every souvenir shop is owned by a 52-year-old Indian man who thinks I’m shoplifting. 

Sox - The way sports teams spell “socks.” I don’t know why. I guess having an “x” just seems a little cooler than being like, “Hey, we’re a bunch of socks.”

Spat - 1) The past tense of “spit.” If you spit on the mailman right now, in one minute you can say, “I just spat on the mailman.” 2) A dumb little fight. Like, maybe you and your mailman had a bit of a spat because you caught him sedating your dog so he could deliver the mail without getting bitten. It’s totally fine to bring up that you have a problem with someone’s dog, but do not sedate him without my -- er, um, I mean -- without the owner’s permission.

Spavin - I don’t even have a guess for this. You don’t need to know this word.

Specialize - It’s when you do something, but you do something really specific within that thing. Like if you’re a farmer, you might be like, “I’m a farmer, but I specialize in milking cows.” That’d mean that you spend A LOT of time milking cows. It’s like, dude, do you really need that much milk?

Spectator - People in the crowd of the sports event. My 5th grade teacher Mrs. Barker had a poster in class that said “Life Is Not A Spectator Sport” but the quote was attributed to Jason Robinson instead of Jackie Robinson. Whoever made that poster just messed up, I think. It kind of confused everyone, but no one wanted to say anything cuz Mrs. Barker was really mean.

Sperm - The little sperm-like fish thing that squiggles its way from a hard ejaculating cock into whatever its cumming onto or inside of, be it an ass or a vagina or another cock or the back of a high school cafeteria. If you wanna make a kid, you cum and your sperm travels through the woman until it fertilizes her egg. It, like, penetrates the egg I think. No clue how the sperm knows to do that, or how any of that happens. And like, when you cum, there’s like a trillion sperm traveling together, but just one of them is successful. Like, what the fuck? We all came from sperm. That’s so fucked up. It makes absolutely zero sense that I was once a tiny squiggling sperm inside my dad’s hard cock and then I was like, “Hey Mom’s vagina, wanna make a fully grown person?” So messed up that we all come from the horniest thing imaginable. I think I wanna have kids one day.

Sphere - A 3D circle.  A basketball is a good sphere example. But they don’t call it basketsphere because that sounds stupid. So does basesphere. And footsphere. Actually, I don’t mind footsphere.

Wilson the Volleysphere.

Spigot - This is another word for “faucet,” which is the part of a sink where water comes out. I prefer saying “faucet” cuz “spigot” kinda sounds offensive or something. It’s like three slurs mashed into one. Besides, I can only imagine like, an old-ass farmer saying “spigot.” Like, “Geraldine, the spigot’s dry again!” but Geraldine doesn’t hear him because she’s churning butter on the front porch.

Spinach - That leafy green vegetable that Popeye eats a fucking shitload of.

Splinter - Oh man, these things suck. It’s when you get a little wisp of wood sort of like stuck under your skin because you ran your hand over some not-smooth wood. Then you usually have to remove it with tweezers. In college, my horny friend Rory Golbeski was hooking up with his girlfriend in the woods and he got a splinter in his dick. Ahhhh I fucking hate thinking about that! But anyway, senior year I lived in a house off-campus with five other dudes (including Rory) and we got a house dog that we named Dick Splinter. That was cool. Last I heard Rory is a dad but hates being a dad.

Spokesperson - This is the person who represents a product or company. They’re on all the posters and in all the commercials. William Shatner was the Priceline spokesperson for a while and I remember being like…did he run out of money?

Sprain - When you hurt part of your body by twisting it the wrong way or landing on it weird. Spraining is one step below breaking. If you sprain something, you just have to ice it and stay off of it for a while. But if you break it, you have to use crutches and straight up reconsider your profession.

Spritz - A little squirt of liquid. You know when you squirt a Lysol bottle or something, and a little bit comes out? That’s a spritz. There’s also an “Aperol Spritz,” which is a popular cocktail for people who like spending 12 dollars on a shitty cocktail. 

Spud - Random word for potato. I knew a guy in high school that everyone called Spud cuz his head looked like a potato. His real name was Gus Yinger. I think he became a dolphin trainer.

Spume - The fuck? Spume? That’s a made-up word, right? Okay, I just Googled it. It’s foam on waves. Jesus. No one has ever been like, “Wow, check out that spume.” You know how they add dumb words to the dictionary every year like “bae” and “chillax”? We should be allowed to take words out every year, and my first vote goes to “spume.”

Spumoni - Oh man, I hate this stuff. It’s ice cream that has a bunch of flavors at once and it’s filled with fruits and nuts and a bunch of other crap that doesn’t go together. Like, you take a bite of ice cream and suddenly you’re sucking on a Werther’s Original and you’re like… what the fuck? It’s like the fruitcake of ice cream, if that makes sense. Also, “spumoni”? What kind of word is that? Is that Italian for “gross dessert option”? It sounds like one of the greasers in “Grease.” Like, “Ayy Spumoni! Get over ‘ere, we’re gonna put a potato in the principal’s tailpipe. Gaba goo.”

Spur - This means to motivate or encourage someone. You “spur” them on, so they believe in themselves. But I think a spur is also the weird round knife thing on cowboy boots. I think cowboys use those to hurt horses so they run faster. Fuck cowboys for doing that.

Spurge - I’ve been staring at this word for a good five minutes. I’ve never seen it in my life. “Spurge”? Is that really a word people use? Spurge. Spurge. Is it like splurge? (buy a lot of stuff) or maybe… splooge? (cum from your penis)? I don’t know.

Spurt - This is like a little squirt of something or a little spurt of something. It happens kinda fast and it… yeah, it like, spurts. There’s also a “growth spurt,” which is when you grow really fast during puberty. I never had a growth spurt. I’ve been 5’ 9” since fifth grade. 

Sputum - This is gross spit that you spit up when you’re sick. It’s kinda phlegm-adjacent, I guess. I knew this guy in high school named Jordy West who always had spittle in the corner of his mouth. You’d be talking to him and all of a sudden, you couldn’t take your eyes off the weird white spittle on his lips. I guess that’s not really sputum, though. Sputum is thicker and weirder. (?) Jordy works the night shift at a Honda factory now. He makes bank but he’s super miserable.

Spy - A person who goes undercover and spies on someone. You don’t know that they’re a spy, but that’s the whole point. Like, if someone was like, “What do you do for a living?” And you were like, “I’m a spy,” you’d then be like, “Fuck! Wait! I mean, er… I’m… a doctor.” And then they’d be like, “What kind of doctor?” And you’d be like, “A spy doctor…?” And then you’d be like, “Fuck. Fine, I’m a spy.”

Squabble - A small fight. Man, there are a lot of funny sounding words that mean small fight. Squabble. Kerfuffle. Quarrel. Tussle. Scuffle. Whoever was in charge of words that mean small fight was silly as hell.

Squad - This is a more military-way to say “team,” but now it’s mostly used by white girls to describe their friend group. Like, “I’m headed to Starbie’s with the squad. Do you need anything? #Coffee #SorryNotSorry #WineIsLife”

Squalor - Fancy talk for “you’re poor.” If you “live in squalor,” you live in a tenement with thirty of your cousins and only eat baked beans.

Square-rigged - Ah, yes. “Square-rigged.” A phrase I’ve definitely heard before. Everyone says “square-rigged.” “Have a very square-rigged day!” they say. Fuck outta here.

Squash - (1) To crush something. Ex: “squash” a bug. (2) A gourd-like fruit and/or vegetable(?) that people eat in the fall, especially in soups. Ex: Butternut “squash.” (3) A sport with a rubber ball and rackets and white walls. It’s slightly different than racquetball, but I don’t know why. Ex: I don’t have an example for this one.

Squawk - The noise that birds make. Only birds squawk. If a dog squawks, it’s not a dog. It’s a bird disguised as a dog.

Squeamish - When someone gets nauseous really easily. A lot of people are squeamish at the sight of blood. I don’t really mind blood, but if I find a hair in my food, there’s like a 70% chance I’ll blow chunks.

Squint - When you close your eyes a little so you can see better. Which, now that I actually think about it, doesn’t make any fucking sense. “I wanna see better. What should I do? Oh, I know - close my eyes.” Maybe it keeps the Sun out of your eyes, which helps? Look, I’m not a fucking eye scientist, ok? Give me a break.

Squirrel - They’re like rats that hang out in suburbs and parks. They’ll just kind of sit there for a minute looking super on-edge and twitchy. Then suddenly they just bolt up a tree. They’re like 30% cute, but mostly they’re weird and I’m not sure why they exist. Oh, and they eat nuts. Or maybe they just store them but don’t actually do anything with them.

Squirt - 1) Something you call a little kid; see also “champ,” “sport,” “kiddo,” “pal,” “chief” and “lil guy.” 2) There used to be a soda called “Squirt.” It was kinda like Mountain Dew but more sour (?), but I don’t think they make it anymore (?). 3) When a woman ejaculates.

SSN - This is an abbreviation for “Social Security Number.” Everyone is assigned a SSN when they’re born. It comes on a flimsy paper card and it’s extreme bullshit that we’re expected to hold onto it for life. You have to keep it in your wallet or a random drawer because if it touches air, it will fucking disintegrate. Someone was like, “What should we put the most important piece of information on?” and someone else was like, “How about the least durable substance in the world?” and everyone was like “Yeah, okay sure.” It’s crazy. 

Stable - 1) A horse’s room (?). 2) To be in “stable” condition. For example, let’s say you were in a motorcycle accident on the interstate and hit your head so hard you died for two minutes. But paramedics rush you to the hospital and hook you up to some machines and you regain consciousness. Then they pump you with meds and you’re breathing regularly again. You’re now in “stable” condition. That exact thing happened to my Uncle Remus in the late 90s. He had a huge scar on his shoulder from it, but a couple years ago he got a giant tattoo of Tweety Bird to cover it up. He still brags about how he got away without paying for the tattoo. He apparently ran out the door after they were done and just never paid, dine-and-dash style.

Stain - When you spill something and it makes a mark. I spilled cranberry juice on my friend’s white shag carpet once and his mom was fucking LIVID.

Stamen - This is either a plant’s penis or vagina, but I forget which one.

Stamp - These are the sticky squares you put in the corner of mail so the postal service will deliver it for you. It’s like a tax you pay so the postal service can function, I guess? The price of stamps is always going up. Back in the day, they’d cost like one cent but now they’re fifty a piece. It sucks shit. Anyway, they usually have a cute little picture on them, like a butterfly or the American flag or the cast of Sesame Street. Some people collect them, and by “some people” I mean “retired guys in their sixties named Gerald who desperately need something to distract them because their kids have all moved away and their wife refuses to touch them.”

Standard - I’m gonna be honest. I don’t really wanna define “standard” for you. It’s a word you should know and it’s kinda conceptual and hard to define. It’s just like, when something is normal. It’s the standard. You should know that.

Steady - When you’re moving along at a sort of slow, boring pace, and everything’s all balanced and shit. There’s that famous saying, “Slow and steady wins the race,” which is a good way to make slow people feel like they actually have a shot at beating a fast person. You see, the fast person will win the race on account of it’s a fucking race.

Stein - One of those giant Medieval-ass mugs that you mainly use to drink beer or mead. I think these are mainly used by oversized German men scream-cheersing each other.

Stencil - A picture that someone already drew, so you can just trace it or fill it in and make the picture for yourself. I think a lot of street artists use stencils, cuz they have to be fast so the police don’t catch them. Like Banksy. Banksy is a street artist that puts his art outside and it’s political. But it’s always kinda like, obvious? Like, he’ll draw the Queen with an ugly rat face and you’re like, “Oh, I get it. He doesn’t like the Queen.”

Stethoscope - This is the metal thing doctors use to check your heartbeat. It’s cold when it touches your skin, and I’m not entirely convinced it does anything. It feels like ancient technology or something. They have machines that can measure my brainwaves and machines that show us the inside of a pregnant woman’s uterus, but when it comes time to check my heartbeat, they’re like, “I’mma touch your chest with a metal necklace.” Then they put that squeezy blood pressure thing on your arm and go “Your blood pressure is 110 over 60,” and I just pretend like I know what that means.

Stillbirth - Yikes. It’s… it’s when a… you know what? Let’s just move on to the next word.

Stillborn - Jesus Christ. Okay, fine. It’s when a baby is born dead. Ugh. I’m glad that’s over… Oh great, I get to go from this to “still life.” You know, the fucking paintings of fruit. God, this sucks.

Still life - Fucking paintings of fruit, like I said. Art people seem to think it’s important? I guess at some point painting fruit wasn’t common, so when someone did it, it was like… wow?  

Sting - (1) What a bee does. (2) What hand sanitizer does when you accidentally get it on a cut. (3) What it feels like when your fiance sleeps with your friend Trevor at a Courtyard by Marriott two weeks after your engagement. (4) Lead singer of The Police who apparently has really slow, awesome sex.

Stipend - This is a fixed amount of money that work gives you when you go on a business trip. One time my work gave me 200 bucks for a day’s worth of food, and I was like damn, how much do you think I eat? I ended up spending the leftover money on Powerball tickets. 

Stoat - A little weasel. I only know this cuz my friend took that Harry Potter quiz that tells you your spirit animal, and she got “stoat.” We were like, “the fuck is a stoat?” so we Googled it, and yeah, turns out it’s a weasel. We made fun of her for having a shitty spirit animal but if I’m being honest, stoats are like, super duper cute.

Stoic - When someone is strong. Not big-muscle-strong, but emotion-strong. Like, if everything goes to shit and the world is falling apart, you could see them staring out at the horizon and calmly saying, “There’s always tomorrow.” Then they take a drag of a cigarette, flick it and head to bed alone. Whenever I think of something stoic, I think of a bald eagle. I don’t know why.

Strain - Couple things. 1) When you strain something using a strainer. 2) When something is a strain on your relationship, like having kids or deciding to get married. 3) I think you can strain your ankle. I know you can sprain it. But I think you can also strain it. Not sure which is worse. Sprain sounds worse. Actually maybe strain does.

Stray - When an animal strays from the other animals. Like a stray buffalo is a buffalo that strays from the herd. Can’t really blame him. If I were a buffalo, I’d stray from the herd. I don’t wanna spend my whole life hanging out with a bunch of buffalo. Gotta see what else is out there. Live a little.

String bean - This is probably an actual bean or whatever, but I think of it more as an insult that old people use to call someone skinny. If you’re like 6 feet tall and pretty skinny, there’s a pretty good chance someone over 50 will call you “string bean” behind your back.

Stutter - When someone makes the same sound a bunch of times in a row because they can’t help it. For example, instead of saying “I hate eating bugs,” they’d be like, “I h-h-hate eating b-b-bugs.” There was a famous movie called “The King’s Speech,” where a king had to overcome his stutter before giving a big speech. It sounds like the world’s dumbest premise but I’m pretty sure that movie won a fuckton of Oscars. 

Sty - This means two things. 1) A pigpen. Parents love to be like, “Go clean your room. It looks like a sty.” They’re basically saying your room is dirty like a pig’s. 2) A weird red bump on your eyelid. I’ve never had a sty, but I knew a kid in middle school named Jerry Waggoner who always had one. It was like, why do you always have a sty, dude? What are you putting near your eye? No joke, he does porn now. 

Stymie - To block something or prevent it from happening. This word is way too cute for what it means. “Stymie.” Can’t you imagine a little girl with pigtails being named Stymie? “Stymie, it’s time for dinner! Put down your Frozen dolls and come eat your mashed potatoes! I love you, Stymie.”

Subcontinent - Hmmm, I didn’t know there were subcontinents. I kind of thought you’re either a continent or you’re not. Wouldn’t a subcontinent just be a country? Well I guess it’d have to be bigger than a country and smaller than a continent. So let’s say that a subcontinent is two countries. So yeah… France and Germany combined is an example of a subcontinent. Please just look up subcontinent in an actual dictionary.

Sublet - When you’re out of town and you let someone stay in your apartment for a while and pay you for it. #StayAndPay. It’s a pretty risky move if you don’t know the person. I once went to Calgary for a month to “find myself” (weird place to go to find yourself - don’t recommend, didn’t work), and I subleased my place to this 40-year-old dude whose actual name was Martin Sheen. I came back from Calgary two days early cuz I didn’t find myself, and as I was walking up to my apartment, Martin Sheen was carrying my mattress out of the building. He was trying to steal my mattress! Super fucked up. I made him carry it back up the stairs while I watched, which is the only time I’ve ever done something, you know, “like that.”

Sublimate - Holy shit, I know what this is! This is when a solid turns into a gas. I learned that in high school chemistry. I have a vivid memory of looking at a flash card that had “sublimate” on one side, and its definition on the other side. So, yeah. It’s when a solid turns into a gas. I think it means some other stuff, but I have no clue what that is. No one is walking around dropping “sublimate” in casual conversation, so I wouldn’t be too worried. 

Submersible - Something that can go underwater and exist there for a while without being stressed about it. A submarine is submersible. Some words have like 10 meanings, but this one is just the underwater thing. Pretty straightforward. 

Substance - Stuff, basically. It’s stuff that you can touch or read that… exists… and it matters? Like, a book with a lot of substance is a book that tells you a lot. Most substances are pretty harmless, like glue and oatmeal. But there are also “illegal substances,” which can be dangerous. For example, I accidentally took bath salts at a college party and woke up in an Econo Lodge two weeks later. Not two days. Two weeks.

Subway - (1) An underground train. (2) A long sandwich. I can’t believe it means both those things. Why is that the case? I once saw this tall young guy with like an old man face(?), eating a subway on the subway. I almost pointed that out to him, but I wasn’t drunk.

Succulent - (1) A little cactus. People like succulents because they don’t need much water or sunlight, so it’s easy to keep them alive. (2) When something is really tasty. Like, if you bite into a juicy peach, you could be like, “Yum, this is a succulent peach.” People might look at you weird, but you could say it. 

Suicide - Oh shit. It’s when you kill yourself.

Sumac - This is a plant that can give you a rash if you touch it. I was in Boy Scouts for like two months and we learned the three big “poison” plants: ivy, oak and sumac. Sumac is the worst of the three. It’s crazy that plants just give us rashes sometimes. Why do they do that? It’s one of those weird things where if I were stoned and thought about it, it would really fuck me up. Like, holy shit, plants are alive and breathing and they have a vendetta. 

Superfluous - When something is extra and unnecessary. Like if you’re at a party and there’s a bowl of guac in the middle of the table, it’d be superfluous if someone threw another bowl of guac on top of the existing bowl of guac. It’d be like, “Uh, we already had a bowl of guac...” Wow, that’s a terrible fucking example. Sorry.

Supernova - This is a space thing. I think it’s when a star gets big and explodes but I’m only like 40% on that.

Supper - Dinner, but... different? I’ve always been a little confused by this. I think supper is technically before dinner? Or vice versa? And supper is less food than dinner? Or vice versa? Let’s just all agree to call it dinner from now on.

Supplement - To add extra stuff to make up for the stuff you don’t already have. For example, you can supplement your low income by taking a part-time job. There are also dietary supplements. Like, you can take Vitamin D supplements if you don’t get enough sun. My mom is always telling me to take supplements but I think they might be hippy dippy bullshit. I’m not sure. A lot of people swear by them but if I need more Vitamin D, I’d rather go sit in the sun than swallow a six-pound pill and pat myself on the back about it.

Surf - When surfer bros and chicks ride ocean waves on surfboards. You can also surf the Web, which is kinda like riding the waves of the Internet, I guess? To be honest, all I think about when I hear “surf” is a random picture I saw online of an old woman pretending to surf. It always makes me laugh.
Lmao

Survey - When you ask a bunch of people a question and they give you their answers, that’s a survey. The most famous survey is from Family Feud, where Steve Harvey’s like, “We surveyed a hundred people, top five answers are on the board.” But my question is - who are the people being surveyed? I’ve never been surveyed. Have you ever known anyone who’s ever gotten surveyed? I don’t think they actually survey anyone. Can you imagine being handed a piece of paper that says, “Name something that breaks down”? Or “Whose name might a young man have in his tattoo?”

Suzerain - I do not know the definition of the word “suzerain.”

Swallow - 1) When something goes down your throat and into your stomach, like food, water or cum. 2) A type of bird.

Swami - I’m pretty sure this is a Hindu thing but I’m sorry if it’s not. It might be Buddhist. Is it fucked up that I’m not sure? Either way, I think a swami is a religious guru who wears orange? You ever see those bald white people in parks sitting on a rug and playing dulcimers? I’m like 30% sure they’re trying to be swamis. My dad hates those people. We passed a group of them in an airport once and under his breath he was like, “Get a fucking job.” I’m not sure what they did to him in the past, but I’ve never seen him get so mad in my life. He had to take a lap around the terminal to cool down.


Swerve - When you’re driving and you have to swerve out of the way cuz someone else on the street is doing something stupid or cuz you’re about to hit a dog. Sometimes when you swerve, you avoid hitting the main thing but then hit something else, which sucks but is also kind of funny.

Sweet Corn - Sweet corn.

Syllabus - This is a piece of paper that professors hand out on the first day of class. It tells you everything that’s gonna happen that entire semester and you’re kinda sitting there like, “Well okay, fuckin’ spoiler alert.”

Symmetry - When something’s the exact same on one side as it is on the other side. I read somewhere that the reason Denzel Washington is so handsome is because his face is very symmetrical. And maybe that’s the reason why those Picasso paintings are ugly as fuck.

Guess which one has the symmetry?

Syncopation - I think it’s when a song’s beat is, like, on the off-beat? So like if the song was like, “BEAT nothing BEAT nothing BEAT,” in this case the beat would be on the nothing? So the beat is on the non-beat, and the non-beat is on the beat. I’m sorry, I clearly don’t know what the fuck I’m talking about. Maybe just listen to normal songs like “I Want It That Way” and “Old Time Rock and Roll.”

Synonym - (Sounds like “cinnamon”) A word that means the same thing as another word. Seems like it would’ve been a lot easier to just have one meaning per word, but fuck me I guess. “Wealthy” is a synonym for “rich.” Do me a favor, though - just say “rich.” Saying “wealthy” is for rich people.

Systems analyst - You’ve gotta be kidding me with this. “Systems analyst” is in the dictionary? Is it a job title? I’ve never met a systems analyst, but I’m guessing they analyze systems? What does that even fucking mean? You know there are other jobs, right? “Some kids wanna grow up to be astronauts or basketball players. But me? I wanna be a systems analyst!” Give me a break.

T
Tab - (1) You can open a tab at the bar. One time I ran up a $200 bar tab at a sake bar because I didn’t realize how expensive sake was. The menu was in Chinese and I just kinda assumed the price would be about the same as other drinks. Nope. That stuff is bonkers expensive. (2) You can open a tab on the Internet. I have three tabs open right now. One is a Martha Stewart recipe for a peanut butter berry smoothie, one is Google, and one is the Wikipedia entry for “Triceratops.” Did you know they’re the state dinosaur of Wyoming? I didn’t even know we had state dinosaurs.

Tabby - Orange cat. I think Garfield is a tabby. 

Tabernacle - This is for sure a religious thing and I’m pretty sure it’s a building? There’s a choir called the Mormon Tabernacle Choir and they sing in a big churchy building. But I don’t think a tabernacle is a church, or else there’d be no reason for the word tabernacle, which is like, a pretty weird word. I’m not religious, but I watch the choir’s videos on YouTube sometimes and they sound pretty awesome. You should check it out.

Tablecloth - A cloth that goes over a table……….

Table d'hôte - You had me at “table” and lost me at whatever the fuck “d'hôte” is.

Tablespoon - This is like a tiny spoon you use to measure ingredients. There’s also “teaspoon” which is even smaller, I think. I’m gonna be honest. I don’t cook much, so I’m rarely, like, measuring baking powder or whatever. But yeah, if a normal spoon is too big for you, try a tablespoon. 

Tablespoonful - The amount that a tablespoon is, I guess? I can’t imagine anyone saying this word. They’d just say “tablespoon.” What a fucking waste of my time.

Tabloid - A magazine filled with lies about celebrities. They put really flashy headlines on the front so people will buy them, but they’re clearly fake. It’s stuff like “JENNIFER ANISTON SECRET HAS LOVE CHILD WITH ELMO” and “SISSY SPACEK MURDERS DOLPH LUNDGREN.” If you buy a tabloid because you think it’s real, you’re an enormous idiot.

Taciturn - Okay. Yep. This is one of those words I’ve seen a few times but never care enough to look up what it really means. I wanna say it’s when someone is kinda sad and quiet? I mean, if you put a gun to my head and told me to name a “taciturn” person, I guess I’d say… Eeyore?

Tack - Like a thumb tack. You use it to put stuff on walls. It’s sharp. 

Tackle - When a football player hits another football player really hard. Experts keep being like, “Uh, this causes brain damage” but the players just keep doing it cuz it’s fun to watch. Tackle is also something fishermen use to catch fish. Experts are cool with that, I guess.

Tact - When you have a lot of… tact. Um. When you have a lot of… when you’re like… when you’re good at a thing you’re doing. Like, you do it well and handle it in a skillful way because you have… tact.

Taffy - This is a popular candy that comes in a ton of flavors and is really hard to chew. It’s usually called “salt-water” taffy (no clue) and it’s sold mostly at fairs and stuff like that. They have these crazy robot machines that make the taffy in front of your eyes and whenever I see one, I’m  like… scientists haven’t found a cure for cancer, but at least they made these high-tech taffy robots. 

Taiga - Excuse me?

Tailpipe - I’m sorry if this is immature or whatever, but a tailpipe is a car’s asshole.

Taint - If you “taint” something, you ruin it. And that’s the only meaning of the word. Just kidding, it’s also the squishy part between your asshole and junk.

Take - Oh no. Okay, here we go. It’s when you, like, take something. Like imagine stealing a donut from a donut shop. You would have “taken” the donut. So it’s kinda when something isn’t yours, but then you make it yours by bringing it into your possession. But “take” can also mean to go somewhere, kind of? Like if you hopped in an Uber, you could ask the driver to “take” you to the nearest Advance Auto Parts. So in that example, you’re kind of like the donut because the driver is now moving you from your former place (your house/donut shop), and moving you to a different place (your possession/the nearest Advance Auto Parts). Wow, I’m usually not proud of myself, but I did a really good job with this definition.

Talc - I think this is the same thing as talcum powder. It sounds like what talcum powder’s friends call talcum powder. “Wassup, Talc?” And I think talcum powder’s kind of like baby powder, but different? I think this might be that chalk stuff that LeBron James used to throw into the air before the game. But I’m not positive about that, cuz I can’t ever recall an announcer being like, “AND LEBRON HEAVES THE TALC!”

Talisman - This is a magic object that magic people use to do magic things. I imagine like a mystical fortune teller holding up a talisman and being like, “This holds the secrets of the Universe” and me being like “Whoa” and then maybe they wave it around and don’t let me touch it. I think you can wear it around your neck.

Tallow - I think this is a bird claw. Like the pointy yellow part of a bird claw. Wait, fuck, that’s a talon. Then what’s a tallow? Uh… maybe it’s the name of the bucket that goes down into wells? There’s no chance that’s right, but it kind of sounds true, right? Like, “Jonathan, go fetch a tallow of water. We must wash up ‘fore we sup.” (?)

Tallyho - I feel like this word should have an exclamation point after it. Cuz I think it’s only ever yelled. No one is ever calmly like, “Hey, what’s up? Tallyho.” It’s always like, “ALAS, I’VE SPOTTED THE ENEMY! TALLYHO!!” And I feel like you only yell this when you’re on a horse? No one is ever just walking down the sidewalk like, “Good day. Tallyho.” It’s more like, “RIDE ON, NOBLE STEED! TALLYHO!!!” It’s kinda like the horse version of “ahoy.” Does that make sense? Pirates say “AHOY!” but old-timey guys on horses say “TALLYHO!” Meanwhile, guys without boats or horses say, “HARK!”

Tangerine - An orange but, like, not an orange?

See? Basically it’s an orange, right?

Taste Bud - One of those tiny dots on your tongue that tastes stuff. I’m not sure why the tongue can’t just taste stuff without using dots. Shit, am I actually getting mad at taste buds? I gotta just breathe and get through this goddamned fucking dictionary.

Tavern - An old-timey bar. Taverns are dark and wood-y and full of skeezy dudes and old barrels. People go to bars and pubs today, but people in the 1800s hit up the tavern to drink ale and smell like mud and shit. 

Team - A group of people who work together to get something done. Like a football team or a sales team. Damn, I nailed this definition.

Teem - When something is full of something? Like a log could be teeming with termites or a hive is teeming with bees. I’m not sure why both my examples have to do with bugs. I guess bugs just seem like they’d teem?

Telegenic - This is like “photogenic” but for TV, I think. You’re “photogenic” when you look really good/attractive in photos, so when you’re “telegenic,” you must look good/attractive on TV? I’m trying to think of an example… maybe Eva Longoria? I’ve never seen her look bad before.

I would kill someone if she asked me to.

Telemarketing - The business (?) of trying to sell stuff over the phone. The whole thing with telemarketers is that people fucking hate them.

Tellurium - I think it’s one of the periodic elements. I’m still confused about how someone knows when an element is an element. Like does some scientist travel to some remote mountain in Nepal and split open the mountain with a hammer and sickle and then they’re like, “I found tellurium!!”??

Tenant - A person who lives somewhere, but they rent the space from a landlord. A tenant is a landlord’s bitch.

Tender - When something’s tender. You can tenderize something using a tenderizer.

Tenderize - To make something tender using a tenderizer. (See also: Tender, Tenderizer)

Tenderizer - The thing you use to tenderize something, which makes it tender.

Terra firma - This technically means “firm Earth” cuz “terra” means “Earth” and “firma” means “firm.” It’s basically when the ground below your feet is sturdy. This isn’t really related, but I knew a girl in high school named Tara Furman and it’s kinda funny how close her name is to terra firma. Tara told me she had a sixth finger removed at birth, but I’m pretty sure she was a compulsive liar cuz she also told me Steve Buscemi was her godfather.

Terrestrial - It’s when an animal or an alien lives on land. I say alien because that’s what the T in E.T. stands for. Remember “E.T.”? Good movie. Not as good as “Fight Club,” which is my favorite movie. I think I’m gonna take a break from writing these definitions so I can watch Fight Club. Fuck. They’re not letting me do that.

Terrorism - When one person or two people or a ton of people do sinister fucked up shit, like blow up a building or take people hostage or detonate explosives. A lot of times it just sorta happens out of nowhere, and it always sucks. You never read about a terrorist act in the paper and are like, “Nice! Things are finally falling into place.”

Tertiary - These are the colors that come after “primary” and “secondary” colors. The primary colors are red, blue and yellow because they’re the most important colors (?). The secondary colors are green, orange, and I wanna say… purple? They’re like the JV colors cuz they don’t come up as often? Then you have tertiary colors, which just start getting weird, like magenta and cyan and shit like that.

Thalamus - This is something in your brain. I forget what it does, but it’s definitely important. Damn, it’s crazy that when you think about your brain, it’s your brain doing the thinking. Like… your brain is thinking about itself thinking about itself. That’s wild. Or maybe it’s not that wild. Not gonna lie, I ate a weed gummy like 45 minutes ago and it’s starting to kick in.

The - Oh come on. How are you supposed to define “the”? Fuck you.

Then - When something was in the past? I don’t know. If you don’t know how to use the word “then,” I don’t think there’s much hope for you.

Therefore - It’s a word you say when something leads to a conclusion. My 5-year-old nephew Anthony is afraid of loud noises. Therefore, I will take him to the zoo this weekend and not the gun range.

Therein - I guess it’s sort of like saying “in there.” Like if you were looking at a piggy bank, you might say, “Therein lies the money.” I mean, don’t get me wrong. That’s a weird thing to say. Especially if you’re a kid. If your kid looks at their piggy bank and says, “Therein lies the money,” you might wanna just get the kid an iPad.

Thermonuclear - I’m gonna go out on a limb and say this is when something is nuclear but also… warm?

Thermos - A water bottle that keeps stuff hot, like soup or hot chocolate. People use them in the winter because that’s when you wanna drink hot stuff most. No one’s busting their thermos out at the beach, you know? If you’re sipping hot soup at the beach, you’re probably a pretty fucked up person.

Thicket - I think it’s just a bunch of bushes, right? Like super branchy bushes? It mostly makes me think of that douchebag Robin Thicke who sang that song “Blurred Lines.” Actually, this is really weird, cuz I was recently thinking about that one lyric where he goes, “You wanna hug me, what rhymes with hug me.” So, I’m a little embarrassed to ask this, but what is he referring to? Drug me? Mug me? Tug me? Is he saying “tug me” as in “tug my dick?” If anyone knows the answer to this, please let me know. And while you’re at it, please rescue me.

Thin-skinned - When you can’t take a joke. When you need to lighten up. When you get offended too easily. Let it go, you sensitive piece of shit. No one respects you. Your friends are more successful than you and they’ll start to realize you’re not worth their time. You’ll see them less and less and you’ll slowly begin to understand that you’re not special. You’re just a lonely, mildly anemic husk of what you once were.

Third degree - This is when you get burned REALLY badly. Like, it’s not even funny how burned you are. A first degree burn is like, ok sure, you got a little sunburn. A second degree burn is like, ok fuck, this is pretty bad, you held the curling iron in your hand. A third degree burn is like, holy shit, you fell into a fucking bonfire for an hour. You’re gonna spend the next month in a hospital trying to grow your skin back.

Thistle - This is a little spiky plant thing that gets stuck to your shoe every so often, and you’re like “shit” and pick it off. I wanna say this has happened to me 6-10 times ever.

Thither - Easy. This is how someone with a lisp says “scissor.”

Thorax - Shit. Might be a body part? Like a lung? If not that, I’m like 30% sure it’s some sort of battle weapon from Greek mythology. Like Zeus used his thorax to defeat Athena. Yeah, let’s go with that one.

Thorn - Pointy things on plants. I don’t understand why they exist. They fucking hurt. Do they keep off predators? Okay yeah, just Googled it. They keep off predators. Cuz if a badger or whatever bites a rose, it’ll be like “Fucking ouch, god damnit” then learn not to do that again. Wait. Google says roses don’t technically have “thorns” -- they have “prickles.” What the hell?

Thoroughbred - When you’re bred from the best of the best. Your parents are hot and strong as hell so your genes are BONKERS good. I feel like this mostly applies to horses and the creepy people who try to get them to bone so they can win ribbons.

Though - Dear God. Um. Like, you say “though” the same way you use “but.” It’s almost like an exception to a thing. Or in spite of it? Like, “I like you but I’m not ready for a relationship though” or “I found a hair in my grilled cheese but I kept eating it though.”

Threescore - Are you kidding me with this? “Threescore” is in the dictionary? Where does this stop? If you put every dumbass way to say a number in the dictionary, it would never end. Newsflash: numbers go on for fucking ever. “Threescore” isn’t even the popular “score” thing. It’s when Abraham Lincoln said “Fourscore and seven years ago.” That’s the ONLY time “score” comes up like this. “Score” means twenty, so “threescore” means sixty. There. Sixty. We’re fucking done here. I’m so pissed.

Thrice - Three times. So you could say “They made a Lord of the Rings movie thrice,” cuz they did it three times. If you’re saying thrice, you’re definitely saying it ironically. It’s one of those Shakespeare-ass words like “thou” and “methinks” that no one actually needs to use.

Thrips - I’ve never seen this word. Maybe it means “three nips,” and it’s that thing when someone has a weird third nipple? I knew a kid in middle school with thrips named Victor Doherty. He showed his rogue nip to everyone in the locker room once and the gym teacher walked in on us all staring at his chest and was like, “Cut it out!” But we were like, “Victor has three nipples!” and he was like, “I don’t care--Wait, what?” and also stared at his thripple.

Thrombus - This is probably a bone or a shape. 

Throng - The funniest way to say “a group of people.” You could say “crowd” or “mass,” but why not spice it up a little and go for “throng”?

Thumb - Of the two small fingers on your hand, it’s the one that can take the other one in a fight.

Thumbprint - When you press your thumb down, like in ink or something, and you see all those lines. It’s kind of beautiful, weirdly.

Thumbtack - I love words like this cuz it tells you everything you need to know immediately. A thumbtack is a tack you press with your thumb. Boom. Easy. I wish all words were this easy. The world would be a better place if words just said what they were. But no, we have shit like “lieutenant” and “tractor” and it’s like… who decided this was the word we have to use? It should just be “militaryperson” and “farmmachine.” So yeah, shout out to thumbtack for telling it like it is. Thank you.

Thyme - It’s an herb, I know that. Its big claim to fame is that it sounds like the word “time.” I feel like a lot of food people have made jokes about that before. One year on Thanksgiving my Uncle Remus did this joke where he came in the kitchen when my mom was cooking and just started shaking a bunch of thyme into the garbage. My mom asked what he was doing, and he said, “I’m just wasting time.” She kicked him out of the house for two hours cuz she needed that for a recipe.

Tiara - It’s like a diadem.

Tidy - A stupid way to say clean and organized.

Timber - Wood that’s like, super tree-y. It’s also what you yell when a tree that you’re chopping is about to fall down. You go, “TIMBERRRRRRRRR!” That’s gotta be the most satisfying thing about chopping a tree down, is yelling timber. With your hand cupped around your mouth, y’know? The rest of the tree-chopping process kind of seems like it sucks and like it’d take 25 months to chop down one tree.

Timpani - Let’s see… it might be orchestra-related, but I feel like its bigger claim to fame is that it sounds like Tiffany.

Tine - You know the things on a fork that make it a fork? I think that’s a tine. I dunno, its main thing is that it sounds like “time.” Probably just shouldn’t be a word IYAM (if you ask me).

Tintinnabulation - Fun fact about this word: No one in the history of humankind has ever fucking used it, and no one ever will.

Tireless - Means you never get tired. I feel like you only ever hear it before the words “work ethic.” Also tireless might mean that you ran out of tires, but I’m 85% sure that’s not true. I don’t know why or when you would need to have a word for that.

To - Oh no. Okay. “To” means “approach a place.” If I’m approaching Pottery Barn, I’m going “to” the Pottery Barn. It’s a small word that comes up all the time, to the point you don’t even notice it. See? I used “to” in that sentence when I said “to the point” and you barely caught it. “To” can mean a lot of stuff, but it usually means you’re moving between places or going in a specific direction. Right? It’s like, “I’m going to Pottery Barn” or “She went to a Pottery Barn.” It also happens before verbs. Like, “I need to use the bathroom at Pottery Barn” or “We need to stop the bleeding or she’s going to die in this Pottery Barn. Somebody call an amb-- oh my God, she’s gone. She… she’s dead. It’s over. There’s nothing we can do to save her.”

Toadstool - Alright, listen. Look. I know the definition I’m about to give you is not technically correct, but I’ve been trying so hard throughout this entire fucking book to be as personally accurate with the definitions as I can be. Alright, that being said… Toadstool: A toad’s dump.

Toboggan - I think this is just an old-timey sled? It’s one of those old raggedy sleds that kids in the 50s went nuts for. Kids today are like, “Sick, I just caught a Charizard on my Nintendo Switch” but kids in the 50s were like, “Holy SHIT, a wooden sled.” Here’s a picture.

Kids in the 50s loved this shit.

Toffee - This is a common dessert made from caramel (?) or molasses (?). It famously gets stuck in your teeth when you chew it, but I think it also comes in “brittle” form. I think the brittle industry is basically just 1) peanuts and 2) toffee. I’m not a big toffee guy. It kinda sucks. It feels like candy for elderly people. I can’t imagine a kid being like “Yum! Toffee!” But if I walked into a nursing home with a bucket of toffee, that shit would be gone by EOD.


Toggle - When you switch back and forth between different options. Like if you keep flipping the lightswitch back and forth between on and off, you’re be toggling. You also should leave the room.

Tomorrow - The day after today. Whoa, that definition kind of sounded like the name of a shitty James Bond movie.

Tonight - Later today when it’s dark outside. 

Tooth - The small hard white things inside your mouth. They help you chew stuff gah I’m pissed that I have to define this.

Torchbearer - This must be someone who carries a torch, like at the Olympics. I don’t like the whole Olympic-torch thing, to be honest. It stresses me out. What if it goes out? What if they drop it? I get that it symbolizes like, unity or cooperation or whatever (?), but it’s too risky for me. They should just hand off a wreath or something, and leave the stress for the sports.

Total - The amount of money your food costs.

Totalitarian - This is another word for “dictator” or “fascist.” It’s any big-time government guy who is shitty and power hungry and demands “total” control. Stalin, Hitler, etc. All bad dudes. No one’s ever like, “You have to meet my friend, Terrence. You’d love him. He’s totalitarian.” 

Toucan - A tropical bird with a thick colorful beak. I only know what a toucan is because of Toucan Sam, the mascot for Froot Loops. I might be misremembering, but I think he had three annoying nephews who went on adventures with him and the adventure always ended with them eating Froot Loops? They fucking worshipped the stuff. They’d be running through the jungle and fighting monsters and the whole time I was just like, “Where are these kids’ parents?”

Tout - I think it’s like when you speak highly of a thing or a person. Like when Alexander Graham Bell first invented the phone, he was probably big-time touting it. Like I bet he’d be like, “Hey, what’s up? I just wanna tout the phone real quick. This thing lets you talk to someone who’s NOT EVEN NEAR YOU! Okay, tout over. Buy a phone.”

Townie - Someone who lives in a town, I guess. I’m not sure what else to say about this. So... yeah. Someone who lives in a town. Done.

Toxin - Right. This is like a bad substance you don’t want in your body. They cause illnesses and stuff. They’re really tiny, like the size of molecules or cells, though I’m only like 30% sure that’s an accurate thing to say. I have no clue how “big” all that tiny sciencey stuff is compared to each other. Is a molecule the same size as a cell? Or what about an amino acid? Where does that fall on the tiny scale? All I know is you can’t, like, SEE a toxin. No one’s like, “Check out this toxin I found.” It’s more like, “Cheryl got sick cuz she inhaled too many toxins at her construction job.”

Trace - When you draw the outline of something, like your hand. Actually, if you do that, then it looks like a chicken. Er, turkey. Sorry.

Trailblazer - Someone who, like, paves the way for other people. So Lewis & Clark are kind of the classic “trailblazers.” They paved the way for other people to walk on trails for hundreds of miles and be sad about life. There’s also that basketball team, the Portland Trailblazers. I think they used to be pretty good. Not sure how they are now. I haven’t really been keeping up with basketball, be honest.

Tramp - If you call a man a tramp, it means he’s homeless. If you call a woman a tramp, it means she’s a whore. So… as far as words go, this one sucks pretty bad.

Transmogrification - A really nerdy way to say “transform.” I don’t like being mean to anyone, but if somebody said “transmogrification” without a hint of irony, I’d shove their dweeb ass in a locker.

Transpacific - I thought this meant when something crosses the Pacific Ocean, but the only example I can think of is Transpacific Railroad, and I have serious trouble believing they built some special water railroad that spanned 10,000 miles in like 1883. So...pass.

Transom - I’m not sure what this means. “Trans” is when someone changes their gender, and “ransom” means when you kidnap someone and demand money about it. So maybe this is when you kidnap a trans person for money? Is this offensive? Sorry if it is. I’m doing my best.

Trapeze - That circus thing where acrobats wrap their legs around a bar 50 feet up in the air, and they basically, like, swing back and forth, and hand off acrobats to other acrobats? It’s pretty cool to watch. Kinda makes me want to go to the circus again. I don’t know, though - would it be weird for a 38-year-old man to go to the circus alone? I guess I should bring a kid, but I’d have to get married and have a kid, and wanting to go to the circus seems like a bad reason to do all that.

Treadmill - That conveyor belt exercise machine that’s really good at making humans feel like rats.

Treble - This is a clef in music. I don’t know what a clef does, but it’s the little symbol at the far left of music. You know how there are like five lines in sheet music, and the notes are on those lines? The clef is the thing before all the notes at the far left. There are two types of clefs: treble and bass. The bass clef kinda looks like a “9” with a couple dots next to it, and the treble clef kinda looks like the weird “D” in the Disney logo or like a cursive “6.” I think music with a treble clef is higher in pitch than stuff on a bass clef. I know this stuff cuz I took piano lessons in middle school. My instructor was a woman named Debbie and she fucking HATED when I’d crack my knuckles. 

Trespass - To trespass onto someone’s property when you’re not supposed to. My college buddy Jason Diffler used to trespass onto the private property of some rich locals who lived near Weber State. But he didn’t really do anything. He’d just trespass and hang out for a minute and leave. It was actually pretty annoying. Last I heard, Diffler was assistant managing a Circle K in Boulder.

Trigonometry - The type of math that deals mainly with trigonometry.

Trolley - It’s like a half-train, half-bus, but slower and more cramped than a train or a bus. It’s a good mode of transportation to use if you have three hours to travel six blocks. I feel like whenever you see old-timey footage from like 1918, there’s trolleys fucking everywhere.

Tropic - When a place is warm and has palm trees.


Tropical - Oh. Uh. I guess this is the same as “tropic.” It’s when a place is warm and has palm trees.

Troposphere - One of the layers of the atmosphere. I had to memorize these in like sixth grade, but now they all just blend together. This might be the one where weather happens? Or the one close to space? 

Trot - This is how horses move. It’s somewhere between walking and running, speedwise. But I wanna say it’s a step below a gallop. So the horse-movement scale basically goes: walk, trot, gallop, run. I mean, I’m not a horse expert, but that seems pretty bulletproof.

Troublemaker - Someone who makes trouble. This word is usually used to describe a shitty little kid. Like imagine being at your 10-year high school reunion and your ex-girlfriend Hannah LaVue is like, “I have a son now. His name is Lukas and he’s a little troublemaker.” What she really means to say is, “My son Lukas breaks shit and generally sucks.”

Trowel - A little garden shovel. I think that’s basically it.
Trowel: This is basically it

Trout - Oh, this is like Top 5 fish ever. There’s salmon and catfish and tuna and then there’s trout. It swims in freshwater and it’s just, like, a super average fish. It’s like the straight white guy of fish, if that makes sense. I think trouts - is trouts a word, or is trout plural already? - come in rainbow colors sometimes, which means it’s a normal trout but if you move it around a little, you can see other colors. I wish I was rainbow colored. That’d be dope. 

Truck farm - I’m gonna say this is where they build trucks? Like a truck factory? I know a guy named Jordan Cleghorn who worked on a Honda assembly line. He had crazy hours, like 10pm to 6am, and he’d just spend the whole time screwing car parts on. He made great money, but he never got to see anyone. So he quit and manages an Auto Zone now. He was on the local news once because someone tried to rob the Auto Zone, but he knocked them out with a muffler.

Trumpet - This is… a trumpet. Everyone knows what a trumpet is. It’s a trumpet. There’s really no point for you to be looking this up in the dictionary. Are you just curious how the dictionary defined the word you already know? Okay, fine: it’s a musical instrument that goes toot toot. Are you fucking happy?

Trust - Being able to know, like pretty much for sure, that someone’s gonna keep a secret for you, or that they can execute some sort of weird plan for you. It feels super important. Like, when someone says, “I’m trusting you with this,” it feels like if you fuck up, the world is going to end. It kind of sucks to be trusted, cuz then you have to like accomplish the thing or whatever.

Tryst - When people meet up to have sex. At least I think it’s a sex thing. You might be able to have a nonsexual tryst but I’m like 90% sure a tryst ends with someone at least getting fingered.

Tsk - Say this three times in a row if you really wanna piss someone off.

Tubular - I think this literally means “something shaped like a tube” but surfers started using it to describe waves I guess (cuz they’re kinda tube-y when you go through them?), so now everyone associates it with stoned surfers saying things are cool like, “Totally tubular dude! Surf’s up!” It’d be kinda fun to start using this word unironically again, like, “This can of Pringles is tubular.”

Tuffet - The thing Little Miss Muffet sat on. I wonder if she would have sat on an ottoman if her name was Little Miss Mottoman.

Turbulence - When you’re on a plane and it gets a little bumpy, and it’s scary enough that the captain has to make an announcement and be like, “We’re experiencing a bit of turbulence at the moment. The fasten seatbelt light will now be turned on. Please remain in your seats.” And even though it seems not too out of the ordinary, you immediately remember that you’re suspended in the air 30,000 feet above the ground going super fast and you’re probably about to die.

Turnbuckle - To answer your question, no, I do not know what this is.

Tweet - 1) A post on Twitter. 2) A bird’s chirp. Kinda fucked up that they’re in that order, and I guess I could have switched the order since I’m the one writing this, but I felt like making a point.

Twirl - When you twist or turn something, mainly a baton or hair. It’s pretty girly. I’m not saying that’s a bad thing. You just don’t meet a ton of 260-pound dudes named Axel who go around twirling shit.

Two - It’s this thing: 2. It’s one more than one. It’s the second number, so it’s a big deal. So yeah, if you saw a goat, and then another goat came along, you’d be like, “Check it out, it’s two goats.” If you just saw one goat, though, you wouldn’t be like, “Check it out - one goat.” You’d just say, “Check it out - a goat.” So yeah, anyway, two is 2.

Typecast - When an actor gets pissed that he’s basically playing the same role that he did in the last movie. I feel like this happens a lot with, like, Ben Stiller or Matthew Broderick or Robert DeNiro, where they’re like, “Mmeh, I don’t wanna be typecast.” And then next thing you know you’re watching some awful comedy where Al Pacino’s playing, like, a grandma who wants to fuck college dudes.

Tyrannosaurus - Like, THE dinosaur. Usually it has the word “Rex” after it, but I’m not really sure what that is. But yeah, you know a T-Rex. Like 80 feet tall, scary-ass teeth, huge tail, tiny arms. I always wondered if T-Rex’s were kind of insecure about their tiny arms. I think if a T-Rex was about to eat me, the last thing I’d say would be, “Huh. Weird that your arms are small. Well, whatever.” Just to get in its head. That’d be a nice “fuck you” to the Rex before getting my ass devoured.

So weird about the tiny arms, right? That definitely has to be God’s way of keeping him humble.


U
Ubiquitous - Oh! I actually know this! It means omnipresent, as in -- it can be found anywhere. I learned this word in a high school English class and I started using it constantly cuz I thought it made me sound smart. I was like, “Your hat is ubiquitous! Lunch is ubiquitous! Jersey Shore is ubiquitous!” I’m a dumbass.

Udder - It’s like that area of a cow that’s under the cow. It’s got like eight nipples. Or maybe the udders are the nipples? But yeah, anyway, there’s a ton of milk there. It always looks like it’s going to explode. It’s so weird that someone once looked at a cow and was like, “I’m gonna involve that animal in my Frosted Flakes.”

UFO - An “unidentified flying object.” Wait, should UFO be in here? Like, I’m definitely gonna define the words “big,” “fat,” and “dude,” but no way am I having a definition for BFD. There’s no end to that road.

Ugly - When someone looks really bad. Like maybe they’re missing a nose or they have patches of hair under their eyes or their face just looks like shit. Usually when someone is ugly, you want to look away from that person and instead look at anything else in the room.

Ulcer - It’s not as bad as a tumor, but it sucks and you get it in or on or near your stomach, and even though I don’t know what it is, I know that you don’t want to get it. I think it’s caused by stress. But if that were the case, I’d have at least six ulcers by now just from doing this goddamn dictionary-ass book.

Ultralight - It either means super-not heavy at all, or it’s a brand of Michelob beer.

Umbrella - That thing you open up and hold over your head to keep you dry when it’s raining. They have like a 98% suck rate. You can basically do three things with an umbrella: 1. Break it. 2. Lose it. 3. Break it and then lose it.

Unaware - That’s when you don’t know something. Like if you have a piece of quinoa in your teeth, you’re “unaware” that it’s in there. If someone points it out to you, you can be like, “Oh, thanks. I was unaware.”

Uncirculated - This doesn’t need to be a word.

Unclothe - To strip, but not in a strip club. “Unclothe” is more for, like, two lovers in front of a fireplace. Fuck. Is that seriously all it took to get me hard? The fuck’s wrong with me? I gotta take a 15.

Uncouth - I think it just means weird or unusual. You never really hear about anything being “couth,” though, so maybe just stay away from both words.

Unction - Huh... This kinda reminds me of the word “gumption” and gumption means, like, you’re brave about something. So I’d use this word in place of gumption, like this: “Sandra stood up to her bullies. She’s got a lot of unction.” 

Underhand - Easy. Wait, actually hard. Let me see if I can do this. It’s when you throw a ball underhanded. So you get up from your chair, get a ball, and then you swing your arm back, then swing it forward, and when you swing it forward you release the ball, and hopefully the ball went in the right direction instead of straight up in the air like when my 5-year-old nephew Anthony throws a ball.

Underneath - When something’s under something. Like if a ball is under a table, you’d say, “That ball is underneath the table.” Or you could just say, “That ball is under the table” and take out the “neath” part. Wait, yeah. Fuck neath.

Undersigned - Basically it’s just a person who signs a document. It’s called that cuz you are literally signing your name under the rest of the document. It’s sort of both a fancy word and the least fancy word ever.

Undies - It’s like a 5-year-old’s way of saying “underwear.” I’m honestly shocked that this word made it in the dictionary - even this dictionary.

Undulant - No fucking clue. This has never come up in my life.

Uneasy - When you don’t feel good about something. A creepy house down the street might make you uneasy. A truck driver swerving in his lane might make you uneasy. Your ex-girlfriend posting a picture on Instagram with her new boyfriend Chesley two months after she told you she needs some “time to be alone” will make you sad and furious but you’ll “like” the photo and comment “Cute” to show Sarah you’re above it and that might make her uneasy.

Uneventful - That means it’s boring. Like nothing happened. Like, “How was work?” “Uneventful. We just, like, worked and shit.” Or, “How was the DMV?” “Uneventful. I just, like, stood in line.” It’d be weird if the DMV was eventful. If the DMV was eventful, that probably means that like a kid was just about to get his license but he ended up accidentally driving the car through the glass and injuring some lady.

Unexampled - I don’t really hear people use this word. I guess “un” means “not,” so maybe this just means when you don’t have an example. So if someone was like, “Name a pair of famous Norwegian twins,” I would be left unexampled.

Unformed - When something hasn’t been formed yet. Like a lump of clay. Or a fetus. Let’s stick with lump of clay just cuz fetuses kind of gross me out. Yeah, so clay would be unformed if it was just a lump of clay and you hadn’t yet molded it into, like, a fetus. Fuck! Why did I say that? Who would build a clay fetus?

Unfortunate - When something bad happens to you / when you have bad fortune. I knew this girl named Katrina Wamford, and after Hurricane Katrina, her life was totally fucked. She’d be like “Hi, my name’s Katrina” and everyone would be all, “Like the hurricane??” That must have sucked so bad. Anyway, that’s “unfortunate” cuz it was totally out of her hands. I’m always praying the next awful hurricane or serial killer doesn’t have my name so my life isn’t completely ruined. I think Katrina Wamford moved to Japan a couple years ago.

Ungenerous - Generous, but with un before it. You do the math.

Unicorn - One of those shimmering, flying, beautiful-ass horses with a horn growing out of its head. They’re super-magical. Okay, this is a little embarrassing, but I’m only, like, 97% sure that unicorns aren’t real. They’re not real, right? I have a bet going with a kid.

Uninstall - You know when you install something? This is when you uninstall it.

University - A place where college kids go to college. I forget what the difference is between a university and a college. I think universities also have grad schools and colleges are for dumber people. 

Unlatch - To take the latch off something. I feel like it most commonly happens when you’re at someone’s house, and you try to open the gate to go around to the backyard. It never goes smoothly, for some reason. It always takes like 20 seconds longer than it should.

Unlucky - Opposite of lucky. Shitty stuff happens to you for no reason. Like if you’re a pro bowler and you lose your bowling fingers cuz some kid stuck them in a cotton candy machine. Or if you’re running out to the porch to catch a beautiful sunset but you run into a glass door and it shatters everywhere. Or if you just barely dodge getting struck by a bolt of lightning but then a bulldozer runs over you.

Unprofitable - When something doesn’t make a profit. A store that sells only lemons and glitter would be unprofitable.

Unruly - Not ruly.

Untoward - I think it might actually mean something other than this, but like… not toward.

Unusual - Something that’s not usual. Quick side-note: If a word starts with “un,” it probably means the opposite of whatever comes after the “un.” “Unworthy” means you’re not worthy. “Unbelievable” means something’s not believable. “Understand” means, well… ok that one doesn’t work because “derstand” isn’t its own thing, but you get it.

Unveil - When something new is revealed. Sometimes it’s when you pull a sheet off of something, like a magician with a magic trick. But I’d say it’s mainly used now when Tim Cook is unveiling the new iPhone 36 XS G or whatever the fuck model we’re on by the time this dictionary is finished.

Up - Stuff that’s high. Like it’s above you. Like if you’re pointing up, you have one finger and it’s pointing up. Fuck, this one’s harder than I thought. Like it’s like if you have an arrow pointing up. It’s pointing that way. You can’t see what way I’m pointing but I’m pointing up.

Upholstery - When you improve the quality of your couch or chair by, like, strengthening the cushions? Or, like, softening the fabric? I dunno, I just remember that when I was a kid, my dad once got our couch upholstered, and then every time for the next two years that anyone asked him what’s new, he’d say, “Just got the, uh, couch upholstered.”

Upper - The top, or upper, part of something. Like if you go to a baseball game and you sit in the upper deck, you’re in that section that’s way high up. If you ask me, upper decks are way too steep to be anywhere near that many drunk people. My buddy Lewis and I once were in the upper deck at an Oakland A’s / Texas Rangers game, and this super drunk guy tripped down the stairs and fell into some limber pre-teen who then, like, somersaulted down the rest of the stairs and fell into a beer vendor, who then spilled his beers all over the railing, totally drenching the fans on the lower deck. It was the world’s weirdest domino effect. That vendor got fired, but not for spilling the beer. It’s cuz he thought the limber kid fucked with him on purpose, so he started fighting the kid. This is going to sound absolutely fucking insane, but I think both teams lost the game?

Upright Piano - This shouldn’t be in here cuz it’s two words and cuz what is it? Aren’t all pianos upright? What the fuck else would there be? A floor piano? The fuck is that?

Upside - Something that’s good about something that still kind of sucks overall. Like, “Getting a colonoscopy has its upsides. You get to spend some time with a doctor.”

Uracil - Huh? I have no idea. It sounds like a medicine that you take to help you pee more. Or to stop you from peeing too much.

Uranium - This is some sort of radioactive element that you shouldn’t fuck with. In like 80% of superhero movies, the villain gets his hands on uranium and is threatening to use it to fuck up the world. No joke, I thought uranium was a fake thing well into my 20s.

Urdu - This is one of the language options that’s always at the bottom of the little scroll tab, and you’re like, “Who the fuck speaks Urdu?”

Urgent - When you have to do something NOW! So if you’re at Ruby Tuesday and someone starts choking on a Cajun rib eye, you could say, “There is an urgent need to take care of that choking man!” Hopefully someone gives him the Heimlich. It won’t be me, though. I don’t know the Heimlich. I’m thinking about taking a class, but there are about four thousand things I’d rather do first.

Urology - This is the study of urine-related stuff, especially penises and vaginas. I went to a urologist like 10 years ago because the tip of my penis kinda hurt out of nowhere. It was after I took a shower and I think some of the shampoo bubbles got into my penis hole and made it feel all weird and soapy, but in a bad way? Kind of like when you get shampoo in your eye, but instead of your eye, it was my penis. Anyway, the doctor was like, “Yeah, that happens sometimes. You’re fine.”

Ursine - I think this is bear stuff. You know how “feline” means cat stuff? “Ursine” means bear stuff.

Urticaria - I don’t know what this is. Sounds like a mythical planet. Like imagine someone on a spaceship being like, “Captain, we have stumbled on a planet in the Zorgon sector of Galaxy R-4. It is called Urticaria and—” oh nevermind, I just Googled it and it means “hives.” Lame.

Usher - This is the person in a theater who tears your ticket and tells you which seat to go to. Every so often they walk through the theater with a little orange light to make sure everything is okay. I was a movie theater usher for six months in college and it was the best job I ever had. I got free popcorn, drinks and movie tickets. One time I was cleaning up after a showing and these two stoner guys were asleep in the front row. I woke them up and they looked at me like I was a ghost. I was like, “Uh, can you guys go now? The movie’s over,” and they were like, “Oh. Sorry, bro.” I think “usher” can also mean “to begin something.” Cuz you can “usher in a new era.” Usher is also that guy who sang “Yeah!”

Usufruct - No one, and I mean no one, has ever used this word. Find me one person on this planet who knows what this word means, and I’ll give you one million fucking dollars.

Utmost - I always thought this word was “upmost.” It’s not. It’s “utmost,” with a “t.” It means the highest amount of something. For example, finding out this word was “utmost” and not “upmost” fills me with the “utmost” surprise. Nice.

Utter - 1) When you, like, exclaim something and it’s sort of noticeable. Like if you’re at a wedding, and the bride and groom are about to say “I do,” and you just sort of loudly say, “This wedding’s a sham!” I’d say you just uttered that. 2) The other utter is kind of just like saying complete or total. Like, “Karen stared in utter disbelief as her six-month-old baby recited a list of the Top 10 Quotes from ‘Goodfellas.’”

Utterance - Something that was uttered.

Uxorious - When you’re really… uxy?

V

Vaccine - A substance or serum (?) that a doctor injects in you to prevent diseases. There’s always an ongoing debate about whether to vaccinate your kids, but it seems like a pretty simple issue to me. Vaccines help you not get a disease, so the pro-vaccine side wins the debate.

Vagabond - This is an old-timey way to say “homeless.” If you ever hear someone say, “Get away from me, you vagabond!” that sucks for you, cuz you time traveled to 1846.

Vainglorious - Buhhh I didn’t even know this was a word. This is a total guess, but given it’s just “vain” and “glorious” smashed together, I think this means someone is way to into themselves and their own success. Wait, lemme Google to see if I’m right… Yep, nailed it.

Valedictorian - This is the smartest person in your high school or college class. They usually have a perfect GPA. My high school’s valedictorian was a girl named Kayley Hudgens and she sucked. One time our math teacher Mr. Greenblatt asked “What should we divide by?” and I was like, “Seven?” and Kayley laughed at me cuz the answer was actually three or something. I tried looking her up on Facebook and Instagram recently, but she didn’t have accounts on either one, which usually means your life is going pretty great. Bummer.

Valuate - This honestly just feels like someone forgot the “e” at the beginning of “evaluate.” But I think “valuate” has more to do with money? Because you’re giving something a “value.” Like, if I pointed at a blueberry muffin and said, “That’s worth three bucks,” I guess I valuated it? But if I pointed at the same muffin and said, “That muffin looks like shit,” I evaluated it.


Vampire - You know what a vampire is.
 
Vanity Plate - Huh, I’m surprised this made it, but sure, this one’ll be fun. It’s when a license plate spells out funny words instead of the usual bullshit. So instead of saying “C7IX8ZP” it’ll say “HOTDCTR.” Or instead of saying “44BYN3D” it’ll say “DRTY BCH.” Or instead of being all “CC7776” it’ll be like “FOX FCKR.” Damn, this definition is fun as hell. Can they all be this, or does it have to be more shit like “vanquish”?

Vanquish - Fuck! I dunno, I think it’s like a Dungeons and Dragons-ier way to say defeat. I’m sure you can imagine some geek sitting at a geek-filled table, being like, “Alas! I vanquish thee and banish ye offward to the Land of Morgolugund.”

Vaquero - I wanna say this is what the Taco Bell chihuahua said. He’d be like “vaquero Taco Bell”? (?) That can’t be right.

Variant - Take something and now imagine a different version of it. That’s a “variant” of the thing. Right? It’s like a different version of a thing. So imagine you have some vanilla ice cream. Now add some chocolate chips. Now you have a variant of vanilla ice cream because it’s slightly different than the original vanilla you had.

Varicose - Those big clumpy veins that older people get in their legs. My Scoutmaster was this older guy named Buck Laughlin and he had the biggest varicose veins I’ve ever seen. It straight up looked like he had snakes under his skin. Ah fuck, I just Google image searched varicose veins. Jesus, this is awful. Gah that looks like it hurts. Holy shit. Holy shit. Why do I keep scrolling??

Varmint - A funny redneck way to say “rodent.” There’s no upper class socialite being like, “Look at that varmint.” It’s exclusively for Elmer Fudd-ass hillbillies who bootleg whiskey and shoot deer for fun. They’re like, “I dun shot me a varmint. YEE HAW.” Then they spit dip into a spittoon and it’s like “DING!”

Varsity - In sports, the varsity team is the best team. It’s the team with a bunch of good players. I mean, you can have a bad varsity team because maybe you’re in a small district that isn’t necessarily filled with good athletes. I played varsity soccer in high school and we sucked shit. One time we lost 15-0 to a private Catholic school and our coach had to ask the other team’s coach to make his players stop kicking our asses so hard. We were flailing around while they just straight up passed around us. But did I still have a varsity letterman jacket that said “SOCCER” on the back and did I use that to my advantage when I was applying to colleges? Yes. So yeah, varsity doesn’t mean you’re good at sports -- it just means you’re better than the JV team. JV stands for junior varsity. 

Vas deferens - These are the tubes in your testicles that carry sperm. They’re like little sperm highways. If it were me, I’d just call them “sperm tubes,” but I guess we’re going with “vas deferens.” Maybe that’s Latin for “sperm tubes”? Sometimes when I’m jerking off, I can feel my vas deferens and they feel kinda full and bumpy and it grosses me out. Sorry if that’s oversharing. Eh, whatever. No one is reading this anyway.

Vault - A giant safe you keep your valuables in. But what’s the point of even having those valuables if they’re just, like, sitting in a vault all day?

Vegetable - A plant you eat that doesn’t taste good. It’s usually green. The famous ones are broccoli, carrots, and celery. Eating vegetables is like working out - it doesn’t feel good when you’re doing it, but you can tell yourself it’s healthy and feel better. If vegetables weren’t healthy for you, I can guarantee you no one would eat them. They’d be used solely for dares. “I dare you to eat a bunch of spinach!” might be something said at children’s sleepovers. Wait, what the fuck am I talking about?

Vellum - I’d tell you if I knew what this is. As it turns out, I don’t know what this is.

Velveteen - Um… oh wait, isn’t this that cheap cheese you put on macaroni? It comes in thin yellow box, I think. No, wait, that’s Velveeta. Hm. Okay, yeah, I don’t know what Velveteen is. Sorry.

Venison - I’m like 95% sure this is deer meat. The other 5% of me wants to say this is what people in Venice are called. No wait, that’s Venetian. Wait, is that why they’re called Venetian blinds? Holy shit. I never put that together. Did people in Venice have special blinds(?)? This is blowing my mind. Anyway, yeah, venison = deer meat.

Venom - The poison that a snake spits. I heard that if you get bit by a venomous snake, you have to ask a buddy to suck the venom out. But then doesn’t that just mean that your buddy has the venom now? Fuck snakes.

Ventriloquism - The art? - is it really an art? - of sticking your hand up a puppet’s ass and making it look like it’s talking, but really you’re the one talking. You’re not moving your mouth but you’re still saying words and it’s like, “Why not just lose the puppet and say the words?” But I guess people like it or something? I dunno. The puppet’s super creepy-looking and has lots of makeup and a bowtie. The whole thing kind of creeps me the fuck out.

Verbose - When someone takes a long time to say something. I read Moby Dick in high school (lol) and that book was verbose. You could cut like 90% and still get the gist. They wanna kill a specific whale but it’s really hard. The end.

Verification - The process where you prove that you’re you. A lot of times it’s your bank’s website asking what the first concert was you ever went to, and the answer is usually Don Henley cuz your dad was into him. And then you’re like, “Wait, why should the drummer from The Eagles have literally anything to do with my checking account?”

Vermouth - This is a fancy liquor that shows up in fancy cocktails sometimes. I can’t remember which drinks they use it in. Maybe a negroni? Or a Manhattan? I don’t know. All those drinks taste exactly the same to me. They’re just brownish and bitter and cost 16 fucking bucks.

Versus - When two teams or people face off against each other. Oh, and you usually just write it as “vs.” Couple examples: Lions vs. Eagles. Clippers vs. Rockets. Pirates vs. Rockies. Roe vs. Wade.

Vertigo - I think it’s kind of like being dizzy, except you’re really high up. If someone made me climb a ladder that went 300 feet straight up into the air and then I had to stand on a small plank of wood for five hours with no railings or anything, I would get vertigo.

Vestment - One of those robes that Pope and Pope-like people wear. If you’re the Pope, I’m not sure if it comes with the hat, or if the hat’s sold separately.

Vexed - Is it when you’re confused? I feel kind of embarrassed for not knowing this one. Maybe if I’m more confident with my definitions, it won’t matter if I’m right or wrong. Like if I had instead said, “It is when you are confused!” Then it doesn’t even matter if I’m right or wrong. What matters is that I believe in myself. Probably not the best thing for a dictionary, but definitely good for my self-confidence. Anyway, I don’t know what vexed means.

Vial - A small tube with a lid that holds an elixir. Right? An elixir? Elixirs feel like they go in vials.

Vibrator - An electric cock.

Victimless - I feel like you only hear this when someone says, “a victimless crime.” A victimless crime is like if you murder a dog cuz it’s not a person, it’s just a dog, so it doesn’t really count as “victim.” Wait, I just read that back and I really want to change my example. Let’s go with jaywalking.

Video - A thing where you hit play and watch the video. You can watch a video of anything - a person catching a ball, a dog barking, zip line fails. I think I’m gonna take a break and watch some zip line fails. Holy shit. I just watched over an hour of zip line fails.

Vietcong - Someone who was either a member of the communist guerilla movement in Vietnam, or someone who very much fought against that.

Vigilant - When you’re really kicking ass at watching something. Like if you’re at a bar and the guy in the stool next to you is like, “Hey, can you watch my seat? I gotta piss.” And so you, like, I don’t know, stand up and guard the stool? You’re being super vigilant about holding the guy’s seat. He’d probably get back from the bathroom and be like, “Dude, were you like that the whole time?”

Village - It’s basically a town that hasn’t updated its software yet. Villages feel stuck in the 1880s. If you live in a town and you want a glass of water, you go to the sink and get a glass of water. If you live in a village, you ride a donkey to a well, then fill up your large wooden bucket, then ride the donkey back home, blow some glass into the shape of a cup, then pour the water in there and drink it.

Vincible - Whoa, wait, there’s a “vincible”? I obviously know about invincible (See: Invincible) But vincible? Okay… well… from the powers of deduction, I’m guessing this means that it’s easy for people to kick the shit out of you?

Violet - It’s basically purple, right? It’s also a flower that’s purple. So you wouldn’t say you saw a violet violet, cuz that’s just redundant. You could say, “I saw a green violet,” but if you did, everyone would either think you’re a liar or on acid.

Virgin - Someone who hasn’t… you know… fucked yet.

Virtuoso - This is someone who’s really good at something, like playing the saxophone. I think it usually applies to something musical. No one’s like, “Damn, Peggy is a virtuoso at bagging groceries!” But if she rips on the glockenspiel, then yeah, you could call her a virtuoso.

Virulent - Okay, don’t quote me on this, but I think it basically means “really bad.” I feel like I’ve only ever heard it in the context of someone being a “virulent anti-Semite.” But hey, if you’re gonna be an anti-Semite, I feel like virulent’s the way to go.

Viscous - This word grosses me out. It’s when something is like, plasma-y? Does that make sense? Like glue or tapioca pudding or warm jizz. 

Vista - I feel like it’s one of those nice views that looks out over a beautiful body of water? Seems very vacation-y. No one’s ever like, “Hey, what are you up to tonight?” “Oh, I’m just heading home. Probably gonna make a burger and then vista it up.”

Vitamin - A pill that supposedly provides you with certain chemicals (?) you might be lacking. My theory is that they don’t actually do anything at all. As a kid, I took lots of Flintstones vitamins and didn’t notice any difference. The only change was me realizing how weird it was that every morning, I chewed and swallowed a middle-aged cartoon caveman.

Vitamin E - One of the vitamins that I don’t know what it does. I’ve never heard a doctor be like, “You really need more Vitamin E.” B, C, and D are where it’s at, vitamin-wise.

Vivacious - This is a classy way to describe a woman you’d really like to have sex with. You can’t walk around saying stuff like “Cheryl is a woman I’d like to fuck,” so you have to settle for “Cheryl is vivacious.”

Vixen - I’m like 60% sure this is one of Santa’s reindeer. I also wanna say it means “hot lady.” Yeah. So. If someone is described as a “vixen,” they’re either super hot or a magic reindeer.

Viz - What?

Vizard - I… what?

Vizier - What are these words?

Vocation - Okay, this can mean one of two things: (1) a job or (2) someone said “vacation” wrong.

Void - It’s when you’re without something. Which I think is also what “devoid” means. So for example, I am void of an explanation for why I have to define both devoid and void if they mean the same fucking thing. (See DEVOID for the exact same definition)

Volcano - A giant mountain thing that’s got a hole at the top that spews hot lava and maybe magma. They’re really cool. Volcanoes are responsible for a lot of volcanic activity.

Volume - Volume can mean the loudness of music but it can also mean how big a woman’s hair is. Don’t ask me why. I’m so tired.

Voodoo - I’m pretty sure it’s this thing where you take a doll, and that doll represents someone you hate, and then you stick needles in the doll, and then the person you hate fucking FEELS PAIN WHERE YOU STUCK THE NEEDLES! WHAT THE FUCK?! I have no idea if it’s real, but one time when I was working at Barnes & Noble, I started to limp, and then I lifted up my pant leg and saw that my left knee was bruised. And I definitely hadn’t done anything that would’ve bruised my knee. Then a few days later, this other dude, Dane, who was hooking up with the manager, Amy (who I could tell never liked me), said he went to her apartment the previous night and saw that she had a fucking VOODOO DOLL and that the doll had fucking NEEDLES IN ITS KNEE! I asked him if it was the left knee or the right knee, and he said he didn’t notice. I asked him if he could go back again and look, but they stopped hooking up and then he got fired for stealing a copy of “The Pelican Brief” and some Altoids.

Vouch - To confirm that something is true or that someone is who they say they are. An example would be if you said, “You know, they say that the Pacific Ocean is big. Well I just flew over it, and I can vouch for that. It’s big.” That’s a pretty bad example, but it’s 3:45 a.m. and I hate that I still am writing these definitions.

Voyeur - A person who gets horny watching other people be naked or fuck. Though you wanna know what’ll really turn you on? Having actual sex.

Vulgar - When someone says really gross, offensive stuff. A non-vulgar person would say something like, “I love your new haircut! It looks good!” But a vulgar person would be like, “Fuck your haircut, you penis-shaped piece of shit. It looks like wet pubes.” I really hope kids don’t read this dictionary.

Vulgate - OK, I’m really going out on a limb with this one, but I wanna say it’s… toothpaste for ugly people?

Vulva - The vulva is the external part of the female genitalia. It protects a woman’s sexual organs, urinary opening, vestibule and vagina and is the center of much of a woman’s sexual response.The outer and inner ‘lips’ of the vulva are called the labia majora and labia minora. The vestibule surrounds the opening of the vagina, or introitus, and the opening of the urethra, or urethral meatus. Don’t Google this. They just copied and pasted what I wrote for vulva. They plagiarized, which is wrong to do.

Vulnerable - When you’re, like, emotionally fragile? Or like when you are sort of showing yourself (?) or you might be hurt (?). Like if you’re walking around a dangerous neighborhood late at night and you’re carrying a suitcase that says “SO MUCH MONEY,” you’re vulnerable to getting robbed and attacked. Or if you have a girlfriend, you’re vulnerable to being broken up with, since that’s what girlfriends love to do apparently. Fuck, man. I gotta find another girlfriend.

Vulture - Super ugly bird, both physically and spiritually. It has an ugly scrotum turkey face and its whole job is to eat carcasses. They’re like the epitome of evil. As soon as an animal dies, they show up and pick at the bones. That’s like their whole personality. It’s terrible. No one has ever been like, “Awww, a vulture. So cute.” They’re fucking dead-eyed demon birds.

W

Wag - To quickly move something back and forth. There are two famous wag-related things: dog tails and human fingers. Dogs wag their tails when they’re happy and humans wag their fingers when they’re disappointed. In conclusion, dog wag = good, human wag = bad, and that’s all you need to know about wagging. Next word!

Wagonette - A small wagon? This will never come up in your life.

Wail - This is when you cry, but it’s really loud and sad. You fucking WAIL. I feel like the people who do the most wailing are widows at funerals. I don’t know why. I can just imagine a widow dressed in black, with her hands on the grave, just WAILING. Like, scream-crying about how sad she is. Oh, you can also “wail” on a trumpet. That’s when someone is super good at trumpet and is playing long, high notes. If you wanna be cool, go to a jazz club and say something like, “Man, that cat can wail.” Actually, don’t do that. That’s weird.

Wake - This one has a couple definitions. First up, it’s what you do in the morning when you’re done sleeping. Second, it’s a sad thing you go to when someone dies. It’s pretty weird that one definition is like, “Time to wake up and live life!” and the other is like, “Uncle Rick is dead forever!” Words be trippin’.

Wallaby - It’s either a kangaroo or a cross between a kangaroo and a koala bear. Either way, it’s definitely Australian, cuz can’t you easily picture some large Australian dude saying “Walla-bay”?

Wampanoag - This is probably a Native American tribe? No doubt they were thriving and then white people showed up and fucked everything up. And instead of dealing with that or apologizing, the white people, like, named a summer camp after them, and now a bunch of shitty white kids play hopscotch at Camp Wampanoag.

Wanton - One of those Chinese soup dumplings that’s filled with soup. I hope that’s what this is, and not Wonton. I forget which one’s that, and which one’s, like, A Word That Means Stuff.

Warplane - A plane used for commercial flights. I was being sarcastic. It’s a plane used in war, dumbass.

Waterbed - A bed where the mattress is water. My childhood friend’s parents had a waterbed and it was so weird. I’m not sure if it’s a sex thing or what. It’s not comfortable. You’re trying to sleep, but you keep trying to escape cuz it feels like you’re drowning. I honestly can’t think of a worse idea for a bed. A fire bed I guess?

Waterproof - Something that keeps water out, or I guess like, isn’t affected by water. A waterproof jacket’s a good example. An umbrella is sort of the ultimate example. Right? Actually, I don’t know. Would you say that an umbrella is waterproof? On the one hand, it blocks you from water, but on the other hand, it doesn’t really keep out water. It collects water, kind of. So maybe an umbrella is the opposite of waterproof. I don’t know, man. I feel unsettled right now.

Water snake - I’m gonna go out on a limb and say this is a snake that swims in water. Fuck that. Can you imagine swimming around and a venomous snake suddenly swims by? No fucking way. I’d kill myself. I know humans are terrible and have made a bunch of species go extinct or whatever, but I 100% would not care if every water snake suddenly died.

Wax - The stuff that candles are made out of. Feels like it should be edible, but I’m pretty sure it’s not? Also, I think it comes from bees. It’s crazy that bees are basically responsible for candles. I feel like we don’t give enough credit to bees. But then again, what are we gonna do? Present them with an award? What would that even be? Oh, also, for some reason there’s an entire museum devoted to wax statues. I once went to one in Las Vegas and they had a wax statue of Maury Povich. Can’t believe they thought that guy deserved his own wax statue!

Weakness - The opposite of strongness. Wait, no - strength. Strongness isn’t a word. Anyway, weakness is something you’re bad at. They always ask you in job interviews, “What’s your biggest weakness?” and you’re supposed to be sneaky about it and turn it into a strength by saying stuff like “I care too much” or “I work too hard.” But I think it’d be funny to be honest and just say something like “I have a bad singing voice” or “I can’t do long division.”

Weal - I know what “wheel” is, but “weal”? Nah. Not a thing.

Wean - When you take something away from someone so they’ll stop wanting it. You “wean” a baby off its mother’s milk because it’s weird if they’re six years old and still breastfeeding. Or you “wean” yourself off of alcohol because your coworkers are starting to notice that you smell like liquor because you take a couple shots of Jack Daniels in the morning just to feel alive. 

Weary - When you’re super tired and down-trodden (?) about stuff. You can also “grow weary” of something, which means you’re tired of that specific thing. For example, I’ve “grown weary” of defining words that no one uses except in old shitty poems.

Weather - What the weather’s like outside. Like how hot and cold it is. People talk about it all the fucking time. To be fair, it’s crazy that it exists. Like, sometimes it’s sunny but then the very next day there might be a thunderstorm and then the next day it’s snowing or it’s cloudy or it’s humid as fuck and you wanna be like, “Ummm okay, maybe try being consistent?”

Weekday - Monday through Friday. Why did you look this up?


Weekend - Saturday and Sunday. Seriously, why are you looking at this?

Weird - You know. When something is weird. Like, someone does something not normal and it’s weird. Like, imagine watching someone drink beer with ice in it. You’d be like… that’s weird. 

Weirdo - Whoa, this word is in here? Cool! Finally a cool word. I feel like it’s always, like, “bemused” or “perfunctory.” Man, I’m so excited about this word being in the dictionary that I’m kind of blowing my chance to define it. Okay, let’s define it. A weirdo is like… a fuckin’ weirdo. Some long-haired Hawaiian shirt-wearing 47-year-old dude with a goatee who shoves Cheetos up his ass and says shit like, “Spunky ‘n funky, my brother!” and when he’s on the dance floor, he shouts that he’s gettin’ his “caboose loose!” and then he makes a toot-toot motion with his arm while actually farting and some people love him but most people hate him.

Well-endowed - When someone has a big dick but you prefer to say “well-endowed” cuz you don’t want to say they have a big dick. Like maybe you’re talking to your parents or an accountant or something.

Well-spoken - When you talk good.

Welt - I feel like it’s a red mark on your body that you get after you’ve been hit with a belt? Maybe I just think that because belt rhymes with welt. If someone threatened me by saying, “You better stop laughing or I’ll welt you with a belt,” I’d probably laugh, and then get welted with a belt.

West - One of the Big Four Directions on a map. If you’re in the sky and you’re looking down at the U.S., west is to the left. Might’ve been easier if they just called it “right and left” instead of “east and west.” Just a thought.

Wheat - Oh, this is a big deal. It’s like the main… grain? It’s a dry plant-stick(?) and it’s in everything, especially bread. Sometimes you’ll see a field of wheat, and it’s full of long stick-y wheat plants and people will run their hands through it. Wheat is the long stick thing that cowboys chew on sometimes. Anyway, yeah, wheat is super important. I think cereal is wheat, too. Cuz the cereal “Wheaties.” I’m pretty sure that’s just straight up wheat with milk? I’m trying to think if I know any other wheat facts. Hm. Not really. But trust me, it’s a big fucking deal.

Wheelchair - A seat that has wheels on it, most often used when you’re sick or injured or you’re a kid and you see an empty wheelchair.

Whensoever - I think it’s just how you say “whenever” but only if you’re a spoiled rich boy from the 17th century. Like, “Henricus, you must cease your lute-plucking this instant! You’ve’nt ev’n had one lesson.” And then Henricus is like, “Nonsense! I shall pluck this lute whensoever I please!” as he continues skipping around in circles or something.

Wherefore - I think this is how they said “Why” in Shakespeare times. This word really highlights how people back then were both smarter and dumber. Smarter cuz they used words like “wherefore.” Dumber cuz they didn’t just think to call it “why.”

Whey - A protein powder that bros put in their smoothies for no reason. It comes in a black 30-gallon tub that sits on the top of the fridge for eternity. Oh, “curds and whey” is also a thing. Little Miss Muffet ate them on her tuffet and I think they’re, like… cheesy oatmeal? Meh, I don’t care.

Whipsaw - Hmm. Okay. Not sure really. I know a buzzsaw is a thing. Not sure about whipsaw. Whatever it is, it definitely sounds like something you don’t want to fuck with.

Whisker - One of those weird plastic hairs coming out of a cat’s face or a dog’s face. There’s like 10 per face.

Whistle - This thing.


Wholesale - Buying like 50 of something instead of 1 of something. Costco’s all about this. I used to go to Costco and buy bulk cuz it felt like a better deal. Cut to me finishing my 48th cup of Chobani in 9 days just to beat the expiration date, and it’s like, “I either need to get seven roommates or stop this.”

Wig - Fake hair that you wear on your head. You can usually tell.

See? That’s totally not that dude’s real hair.

Wild boar - This is a scarier(?) type of pig because it lives in the wilderness and has big pointy teeth. It looks like a normal pig that really let itself go. Like, it doesn’t shave or shower because it got stranded on a desert island for a while, like Tom Hanks in “Castaway.” In conclusion, wild boars definitely smell like shit.

Willow - One of those big-ass lazy-looking Alabama Dr. Seuss-looking trees.

Wind - When you’re outside and the air is blowing your hair around. Or you’re inside and a fan is blowing your hair around. Like maybe you’re in a shampoo commercial and you’re doing that thing where you’re waving your head back and forth so your hair looks good. I like that thing. It always makes me hungry for some reason.

Window - Come on, fuck-o, you know what a window is. It’s when there’s basically a pane of glass in the middle of the wall that allows you to see outside. You can open it or close it sorry I am so fucking annoyed that I’m writing this right now.

Wink - When you quickly close and open one eye in a flirty or friendly way. It’s like a little playful thing you do cuz you have an inside joke or you want to show someone you like them. It’s kind of an intimate thing, so sometimes it doesn’t feel appropriate. Here are five examples of people you probably shouldn’t wink at: (1) your boss (2) a cop who just pulled you over (3) someone in the middle of a eulogy (4) a lawyer who just asked you, “Were you there on the night of the murder?” and (5) Queen Elizabeth.

Wingding - I think it’s a party that skinny rich people threw in like 1967. It’s like a “soiree” or a “shindig” or something. I feel like people don’t get super fucked up at a wingding. Like, if you’re at a wingding, a bartender probably made you a martini and you flirted with someone. If you’re at a wingding, you’re probably not fucked up on ecstasy while snorting blow off some hooker’s ass.

Winnow - I’ve never seen this word but I have seen the word “minnow,” which is a tiny fish. So I’m gonna go ahead and say a “winnow” is just a “minnow” that never loses. Or someone just fucked up spelling “window.”

Wisp - A thin strand of something, like a wisp of hair. It kind of sounds like a cross between “wuss” and “whisper,” which are both weak. A “wispy wuss’s whisper” sounds so fucking feeble and pathetic.

Within - When something is in something. Like, you have the thing but now you have the thing inside the thing. That thing is within the thing. Yeah.


Witness - It’s when you’re at the scene of a crime and you actually SEE the crime. You WITNESS it. And then if you’re lucky, you might get called up to the WITNESS STAND in court. That seems like fun. Everyone’s looking at you and all you have to do is be like, “Yes” when they ask if Trevor murdered that old lady.

Woe - When someone is really, really sad, they’re filled with woe. I’ve only ever heard of someone being FILLED with woe. No one’s ever half-full of woe or three-fourths full of  woe. It’s all or nothing.

Wonder - When you’re like… wow. You’re filled with this feeling, which feels like… whoa. I think Disney movies have a lot of this. Wonder can also mean “be curious.” Like sometimes I “wonder” what my middle school friends are up to. So I look them up on Facebook and turns out they manage a Speedway in Albuquerque. 

Wonton - One of those Chinese soup dumplings that’s filled with soup. I hope that’s what this is, and not Wanton. I forget which one’s that, and which one’s, like, A Word That Means Stuff.

Woodpecker - A bird that pecks at wood repeatedly, and for seemingly no reason. I think they’re maybe eating the wood? I don’t know, though, that seems pretty fucked up now that I type that out. They’re probably just, like, shaping the tree?

Woolly - Is it when something’s made out of wool? I’ve only ever heard it used to describe a Mammoth or Bully.

Woolly Adelgid - I feel like I’m having a stroke. Do these words mean anything? A Woolly mammoth is like an old, hairy elephant but “adelgid”? Maybe it’s a plant or a bug? Speaking of bugs, I used to know this kid Eli Auspen who’d let daddy long legs crawl all over his hands at camp. I couldn’t believe it. He was like, “What, they don’t bite...” I don’t care if they bite, Eli. I’m not letting a fuzzy ball with eight legs and no eyes touch me. Those things are evil incarnate. I’d rather suck a moist turd.

Woolly Mammoth - An elephant but from, like, ten billion years ago. They’re basically a much more intimidating Snuffleupagus.

Wordage - Huh? I think this just means words. It feels like how a surfer dude would compliment someone’s slam poem. Like, “Tasty wordage, dude!”

Worldly-Wise - The fuck? This is not a word. There’s “worldly” or there’s “wise.” Pick one, dude. It’d be wise of you to move the fuck on, I tell you what.

Worship - When you’re obsessed with someone to an unhealthy degree. It used to be gods, but now it’s mostly Beyonce or Adele, that kinda shit.

Worthy - When you’re good enough to do something. For instance, a person who studied to become a doctor, then went to medical school, and then became a resident is worthy of becoming a doctor. However, a person who calls himself “Dr. Fixbones” and wears a stethoscope but is otherwise naked, is not worthy of becoming a doctor.

Wrapper - The worst part of a candy bar. It’s the paper that the candy bar comes in. So you unwrap the wrapper, but then you’re stuck just holding the wrapper and you gotta find a garbage can. Oh yeah, also there’s gum wrappers.

Wrinkle - Lines that you see in clothes or an old person. If you see wrinkles, you should iron them, but just for clothes. Don’t iron an old person.

Only iron the one on the left.

Wurst - The German word for sausage. But wait, if it’s German, then what the fuck is it doing in this English dictionary? Sorry, that sounded a little racist. Let me rephrase. If it’s German, then why the hell is it in this dictionary where the words are in English?

Wuss - Someone who’s a total wuss.

X
X-axis - This is the horizontal line on a math graph, otherwise known as a graph.

X-ray - It’s a thing that shows you your own skeleton. Like it’s a photo of your own bones. Its big claim to fame is that it’s one of like three words that starts with X. There’s like X-ray, xylophone, and Xmas, and that’s really Christmas, so really there’s like two words that start with X. Unbelievable.

Xe - This is the symbol for the element Xenon, which is a noble gas. I can’t believe I know that. Especially cuz my high school chemistry teacher was worthless. He was like 75 and his name was Mr. Dash and one time he told us that meteorologists study meteors. We were like, “Mr. Dash, that’s not true. Meteorologists study the weather,” and he yelled at us for talking back. I’m pretty sure he had an affair with the weird janitor lady at our school. You’re not gonna believe me but her name was Garla with a G.

XML - I guess it’s a word that combines all the t-shirt sizes into a word?

Xylophone - The other word that starts with X. It’s a bunch of bells.

Xylophonist - What the fuck do YOU think this is?

Y
Yacht - Big-ass boat for rich people.

Yak - I think it’s a bison that’s spelled “Y-A-K.” Oh, it also means to talk a lot.

I guess it’s maybe like 80% bison, 10% cow, 10% moose? I dunno. I don’t like this photo though.

Yank - To pull something quickly. Like when someone’s like, “Just give it a lil’ yank.” I’m trying to think of an example of something you yank, but nothing’s coming to mind. There’s the New York Yankees, but that’s not really yank.

Yard - Three feet. The only thing measured in yards is football fields. If you can name ONE other thing measured in yards, I’ll give you $10,000. Yeah, I thought so.

Yawn - This is something people do when they’re tired. They open their mouths really wide and suck air into their throats really fast. Scientists have no idea why we do it, which really bothers me. I’ve yawned every day of my life, and I have no idea why I do it. Animals yawn, too. No joke, one time I saw a seagull yawn. I was walking on the beach with my friend and a seagull straight up yawned like a person. 
This is kinda what the seagull looked like when it yawned.

Year - What year it is. Like, in 1994 it was 1994. And in 2003 it was 2003. Fuck you.

Yearbook - A big book that high schools give you at the end of the school year. They’re a great way to kind of “sum up” the year and be like, “Here are the people who went to school here this year. And these are the clubs we did. And the sports we played. And the memories we had.” Then years later, you’ll look at your yearbook once and be like, “Oh yeah! I remember Josh Chupack!”

Yegg - No way is this a word. I guess it’s… an egg but worse?

Yellow - Okay, it’s so hard to describe colors using words. But yellow’s like, bright and yellowy. I think it’s what you get when you combine green and white, but I might be WAY off on that. Oh wait! Maybe if I name some stuff that’s yellow, that’ll help you know what yellow is. The sun. Lemons. Face emojis. Yellow t-shirts. There’s not a ton of yellow stuff so if you don’t get what it is, you’re not really missing out.

Yesterday - The day before today. Today will be yesterday tomorrow. Yesterday was today yesterday. Yesterday today was tomorrow.

Yet - Fuck. This one’s hard. Like, “yet.” Like something hasn’t happened “yet.” Like “not yet” means that it still hasn’t happened yet. Honestly, if you opened this book to look up the word “yet,” you should fuck off.

Yield - It’s that triangular version of a STOP sign that basically means, “Stop, but like, don’t worry about really stopping.”

YMCA - I think this stands for Young Men’s Christian Association. It’s a popular gym around the country where members can swim and play basketball for cheap. There was a really popular song and dance called “YMCA” back in the 70s, where everyone would shape their arms like the four letters in “YMCA.” What’s weird is that everyone knows that song and does that dance - kids, adults, anyone at a wedding - but the lyrics are 100% about having gay sex at the gym.

Yogi - I think it’s a person who’s really good at yoga, but I mainly know this word from Yogi the Bear, who I’m almost positive does not do yoga. It’d be super weird if he did. Yogi, the Yoga-Doing Bear.

Right? This guy doesn’t do yoga.

Yolk - The weird yellow shit that’s inside an egg. Remember in the movie “Rocky,” when Rocky cracks a bunch of eggs into a glass and drinks it? And then that made you curious, so you tried it once, but it almost felt worse than drinking barf? Shit, I kind of want to try drinking barf now.

Yorkshire terrier - One of those small dogs. I can kind of picture them, and they’re hard to describe, but they’re definitely not the cutest dog.

See? Definitely not the cutest.

Youth - An adult way of saying “when you were a kid.” Ironically, a kid would never use the word “youth.”

Yuck - Something you say when something gross happens. Like if there’s a hair in your soup, or if bird poop lands in your margarita, you might say, “Yuck.”

Yurt - I’m pretty sure this is like a teepee but for... Asian people (?). Not that Asian people can’t have teepees. Wait, is teepees ok to say? I just mean like, a tent that’s outside. I wanna say shamans and sherpas stay in yurts? Is that ok to say? Fuck.


Z

Zach - Why… is this in the dictionary? This is a first name. I don’t remember defining shit like “Meredith” and “Greg.” I knew a guy once and I always knew him as “Zach,” but like two years into our friendship, he was like, “You know my name isn’t Zach, right? It’s Zeke.” I had been calling him the wrong thing for TWO years. I was so embarrassed. Our friendship kinda fell apart after that. He’s a state senator now.

Zany - It’s one of those goofy words, like “loony” or “goofy” or “wacky” or “wacko” or “bonkers” or “kooky.” It’s basically a super lame way of saying “weird.”

Zenana - I’ve never seen this word in my life. But at this point, I’ve defined almost every word in the English language, and I feel like I’ve soaked up a lot of information. And if I use all of that information, including everything I’ve learned about root words and etymology, I can make a very educated guess. So, here’s my guess: a banana for zebras.

Zeppelin - I’ll be honest, I don’t really know what this is. But Led Zeppelin’s pretty much all you have to know for this. They were a rock band that was hugely influential but I don’t actually know anyone who’s ever listened to them. I think they did that song “Come With Me” with Puff Daddy for the King Kong movie in like ‘96.

Zigzag - Sharp lines that are kind of triangle-y. Like, it starts going one way, but then it immediately stops and goes back down but it keeps going and then it goes back up. If I had a paper and a marker right now I could easily show you what zigzag is but that’d be a weird thing to do together.

Zionism - Just gonna go ahead and not define this one and hope that nobody notices…

Zip code - The 5-digit number at the end of your address that lets people know where you live. I always get this mixed up with area code, so whenever someone is like, “What’s your zip code?” or “What’s your area code?” I have to take a second to remember which one is which. Area code is for phones, zip code is for houses. Wait, right?

Zipper - The little metal thing you zip up to zip up your jacket or hoodie or whatever. Pants have ‘em too. When you zip ‘em, they make a cool zipping sound. 

Zirconium - Not actually sure what this is, but I know that it’s frequently cubic.

Zit - I guess it’s a slightly less gross way to say pimple. I don’t know. It’s kind of a lose-lose. Acne ain’t exactly killin’ it either, as far as not being gross-sounding goes. Zit, pimple, acne. Ugh. Well hey, at least you no longer have that problem when you pop the zit. Then you get PUS.

Ziti - Pasta that looks like little tubes. I feel like it’s always baked. It’s never like, “Hey, are you ready to order?” “Yeah, I’ll have the ziti.” “You mean the baked ziti?” “No, just the plain ziti.”

Zonal - Ugh, I don’t know. Relating to zones, probably? I just wanna be done with this dictionary honestly. I’m crawling to the finish line. I’m so thirsty.

Zoo - A place that has so many animals on display. I’m talkin’ elephants, rhinos, giraffes, monkeys, penguins, birds, you name it. No one cares about the birds. Plus, usually when you go, they’re like, “The elephant exhibit is closed. The polar bears are shy today. The tigers are closed.” And the only thing that’s open is the butterfly garden so you’re like, “Maybe let’s go see Aquaman?”

Zoom lens - The round twisty thing on the front of a camera that you twist and it makes things look closer or further away. I’m not really sure how it works. I just take photos with my iPhone. I paused Jeopardy the other day and took a picture of Alex Trebek making a kind of weird face. Wanna see it?


Zoology - The study of zoos.

Zoysia - No clue. Sounds like one of those pills that gets you horny. Like one of those commercials where there’s a couple in two outdoor bathtubs and the narrator is like, “Just because you’re in your 60’s doesn’t mean you can’t give 100 percent in the bedroom. That’s why there’s Zoysia. Side effects may include dizziness, heart attack, death, diarrhea, spontaneous combustion and/or chicken pox. Call a doctor if your erection lasts for more than four hours.” I’m assuming you call the doctor so you can brag about your world record boner. 

Zucchini - As far as I can tell, this is just a fat cucumber. Sometimes it goes in bread.

Zwinglian - I feel like someone paid to get this word in the dictionary. It’s not anything. Some dude named Bob Zwing was desperate to be relevant so he paid a quarter mil to get his name in here. Seriously, it’s nothing.

Zydeco - The second to last word in the dictionary.

Zygote - The last word in the dictionary.
